 C. L. W. / Chittaranjan॰

TENDER NOTICE

सं / No. PRO/PR/20 Pt-II.( KOL)	        		                                 दिनांक / Dated, the 30 Jan ,2015.
	
DyGM’s Office, Chittaranjan Locomotive works, P.O. Chittaranjan, Distt.- Burdwan, Pin-713331 (W.B.) on behalf of the President of India, invites Sealed Tender in the Scheduled Tender Form from the bonafide reliable, experienced tenderer for the following work :-

1.
Name of the Work & Place of the Work :
“Hiring of one -AC Vehicle 
(TATA INDIGO / TATA MANZA /TATA SUMO/ BOLERO / SCORPIO / TAVERA / XYLO/ ESTEEM   or similar for official use of HAG/ SAG officer of COS/ Kolkata office & Dankuni  of CLW for 12 (twelve) months.”
2.
Tender no. :
PRO/PR/20 Pt-II.(KOL)
3.
Approx cost of the work :
Rs.2,59,000-00 (Rupees  two  lakhs fifty nine   thousand ) only.
4.
Earnest Money Deposit :
Rs.5180 /- (Rupees five  thousand one hundred  eighty ) only.
5.
Cost of Tender Document :  
Rs.1,000/- (Rupees one  thousand) only.
6.
Quantity of the work : 
As per Annexure-I in Schedule of Work of Tender Document.
7.
Period of Work : 
Twelve (12) months.
8.
Place & Address of the office where Tender Documents will be sold:
DyGM’s Office, CLW, Chittaranjan, P.O. Chittaranjan, Distt.- Burdwan(W.B.) in the chamber of DyGM
9.
Date & Time of sale of Tender Document:
On any working day from 10-00 Hrs. to 13-00 Hrs. from   3  -2-15  to   10 - 3 -15..
10.
Last date of submission of Tender and Address of the office where it will have to submit :
Up to 13.30 Hrs. on   10 – 3- 15 to the Office of the DyGM / CLW / Chittaranjan in the Chamber of DyGM  / CLW/ Chittaranjan.
11.
Date & Time of Opening of Tender :
15.30 Hrs. on   10  - 3- 15. 
(NB : In case the office remains closed on the opening day of the Tender due to unavoidable circumstances, the same will be opened on the next working day at the same time & place).
12.
Website Reference :
www.clw.indianrailways.gov.in.........................

13.
Place of notice board :
DyGM’s office CLW/ Chittaranjan, P.O. Chittaranjan, Distt- Burdwan.

N.B. 
1. Contractors / Vendors may also download the tender document from CLW’s website mentioned in serial no. 12. In such case, cost of tender documents, in the form of DD drawn on any of the nationalized banks in f/o. FA&CAO / CLW / Chittaranjan, P. O. Chittaranjan, District – Burdwan, West Bengal, payable at Sate Bank of India, Chittaranjan Branch, has to be attached along with the tender documents.

2. Tender received without / less cost of tender documents & without / less Earnest Money Deposit will be summarily rejected.


                                                                                        Deputy General Manager
चि रे का / चित्तरंजन / C. L. W. / Chittaranjan.



INDIAN RAILWAYS

CHITTARANJAN LOCOMOTIVE WORKS

CHITTARANJAN
Tender Document

OFFICE OF THE DY. GENERAL MANAGER,
CLW, CHITTARANJAN - 713331



Tender No.				:		PRO/PR/20 Pt II.(KOL)
Date & Time of closing		:		   10 -3-15 at 13.30 Hrs.
Date & Time of Opening		:		    10 -3-15 at 15.30 Hrs.
Name of Work	                        :	 “Hiring of one -AC Vehicle 

                                                          (TATA INDIGO / TATA MANZA / TATA SUMO / BOLERO / SCORPIO / TAVERA / XYLO / ESTEEM   or similar for official use of SAG/HAG officer of COS/ Kolkata office & Dankuni of CLW for 12 (twelve) months.”





Sale Endorsement:

Issued Tender Document No. ……………………………on  ___________ 2014/15___ to M/s. ________________________________________________________________
At cost (including Sales Tax and Surcharge) of Rs 1000/- (Rupees one thousand only) deposited vide C. R. No ______________________ dated _______________________



 DyGM / CLW / Chittaranjan.




Details of Earnest Money deposited.
An amount of Earnest Money of Rs.5180 /- (Rupees five  thousand one hundred  eighty ) only (In words) has been deposited vide CR / DD / TDR / STDR bearing no. ………………………… dated………………………….. issued in favour of  FA&CAO / CLW / Chittaranjan.


Signature of the Tenderer
Instructions to the Tenderer
	Sealed tenders for the work mentioned below are invited by DyGM-CLW / Chittaranjan, PIN-713331 for & on behalf of The President of India from the bonafide, reliable, experienced Transport Agencies/ Vehicle venders. 
1.
Name of the work
:
“Hiring of one -AC Vehicle 
(TATA INDIGO / TATA MANZA /TATA SUMO/ BOLERO / SCORPIO / TAVERA / XYLO/ ESTEEM   or similar for official use of HAG/ SAG officer of COS/ Kolkata office & Dankuni of CLW for 12 (twelve) months.”
2.
Approximate Cost
:
Rs.2,59,000-00 (Rupees  two  lakhs fifty nine   thousand ) only.
3.
Earnest Money
:
Rs.5180 /- (Rupees five  thousand one hundred  eighty ) only
4.
Cost of tender documents
:
Rs 1,000/- (Rupees one thousand) only.
5.
Date & Time of Sale of Tender Documents
:
On any working day from 10-00 Hrs. to 13-00 Hrs. from 3-2-15  to 10-3-15.
6.
Place of Purchase Tender Document
:
Office of the DyGM / CLW / Chittaranjan
7.
Date & Time of receipt of Tender
:
Up to 13.30 Hrs. on 10-3-15.
8.
Date & Time of Opening of Tender
:
15.30 Hrs. on  10 -3-15.
9.
Place of Submission of Tender & its opening
:
Office of the DyGM / CLW / Chittaranjan
10.
The tender document can be obtained on production of the requisite money receipt form the Assistant Chief Cashier, CLW / Chittaranjan.
11.
The tender document can be obtained from the Office of the DyGM  / CLW / Chittaranjan on any working day from  3-2-15 to 10-3-15. No tender document shall be issued after 13.00 Hrs. of  10 -3-15.
12.
The tender should be accompanied along with the prescribed amount of Earnest Money in the form of prescribed instruments. Tender deposited without/Less Earnest Money shall be summarily rejected.
13.
In case of the office remains closed on the opening day of the tender, the same will be opened on the next working day at the same time & place.
14.
Request of issue of tender document through post is not acceptable.
15.



The tender duly completed in all respect should be dropped in the tender box provided and kept in the office of the DyGM /CLW/CRJ. No tender sent by the post shall be accepted.



Form – I
Indian Railways
Chittaranjan Locomotive Works
Chittaranjan, Dist. Burdwan.
Tender Form
To
The President of India,
Acting through the Deputy General Manager,
Chittaranjan Locomotive Works,
Chittaranjan

	I / We, …………………………………………………………………………………… have read the various conditions to tender attached hereto and hereby agree to abide by the said conditions.  I / We also agree to keep this tender open for acceptance for a period of ………… days from the date fixed for receiving the same and in default thereof. I/We will be likeable for forfeiture of my / our “Security deposit”. I / We offer to do the work of - “Hiring of one -AC Vehicle (TATA INDIGO / TATA MANZA /TATA SUMO/ BOLERO / SCORPIO / TAVERA / XYLO/ ESTEEM   or similar for official use of HAG/ SAG officer of COS/ Kolkata office & Dankuni of CLW for 12 (twelve) months.” as per the Schedule of requirement mentioned in the Annexure – I & II and hereby bind myself / ourselves to complete the works within the period of time as may be specified and terms laid down in the contract Agreement.  I / We also hereby agree to abide by the general and special conditions of contract and to carry out the works according to the above conditions and as per scope of work specified and conditions laid down in contract Agreement.

	The Tenderer whose tender is accepted shall be required to appear at the office of the Deputy General Manager , in person or, if a firm or corporation, a duly authorized representative shall so appear, and execute the contract documents within 30 days after notice that the contract has been awarded to him. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of the agreement effected by the acceptance of the tender in which case the full value of the earnest money accompanying the tender shall stand forfeited without prejudice to any other rights or remedies.

	In the event of any Tenderer, whose tender is accepted, is refusing to execute the contract documents as per procedure laid down in the preceding Para, it shall constitute abandonment of the Contract and the Railway shall be entitled to cancel his tender and to forfeit the full amount of the earnest money.

	Until formal agreement is prepared and executed, the acceptance to this tender shall constitute a binding contract on our part as indicated in the letter of acceptance of my/our offer for the works.


Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.


                                         GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT
1.
The work shall be carried out as per the direction of Dy.GM/CLW/Chittaranjan.
2.
The successful Tenderer shall be ready to supply the vehicles immediately from the date of issue of letter of Acceptance.
3.
The vehicles should not be old for more than three year from the date of issue of Tender.  
4.
The Railway reserves the right to terminate the contract after giving one-month notice.
5.
The lump-sum monthly charges include all major / minor repairs, servicing of vehicle, cost of free lubricants and any other consumables required from time to time. Drivers’ salary and allowances, all taxes, duties, incidental charges, penalties, etc. should be borne by the Tenderer as imposed by Central / State / Local Government bodies for running of vehicles.
6.
The vehicle should be available to Railway with Driver, fuel etc. as per requirement given. The actual daily kilometrage  run will start from the Reporting to Releasing the vehicle on day to day basis, not from garage .
7.
The vehicle should be maintained in good working order.
8.
The Driver should have the valid driving license and vehicle should be insured against accident etc.  If for non observation of laws of insurance / motor vehicle, the Railways is required to pay to anybody any compensation or penalty, the Contractor must repay the same, for failure of which the Railway shall be entitled to recover the same from any bill pending with Railway or by taking action as they deemed fit.
9.
The driver should be obedient and courteous, if Railway is not satisfied with the behavior of the driver, the driver to be replaced by another driver by the Tenderer.
10.
The Contractor should reside within a locality of 70 Km radius from Chittaranjan so that the he can be called at any time to this office.
The vehicle will have to be available at Chittaranjan for the entire period of the Contract.
The Contractor should have experience in providing vehicle to any Government Organization preferably CLW/any Government undertaking. 
11.
The complete responsibility for safe running of vehicle will be on the vehicle owner only. Railway will not be responsible for any loss, damage or accident to the vehicle / driver.
12.
Garage facility and accommodation to the driver shall not be provided by Railway.
13.
Railway in no case is responsible for legal matters arising out of any State or Central Government laws in matters of employing the driver by the owner of the vehicle.
14.
The rates quoted and accepted shall be inclusive of all taxes as leviable by Union of India / State Govt. including Sales Tax, Octroi, etc. if any.
15.
The Tender Document as signed by the Contractor shall be taken to mean as part and parcel of the Agreement.
16.
The work order will be issued pending execution of the Agreement.
17.
This work execution will be guided by the terms & conditions as laid down in the General conditions of contract of Indian Railways for & on behalf of President.
17.
If the Contractor fails to arrange the vehicle within the period of 30 minutes’ notice the vehicle arranged, in lieu of the vehicle, by the CLW administration and the amount paid for that arrangement , would be payable by the Tenderer. The maximum penalty shall, however, be limited to 10% of the contract value.
18.
Security Deposit :-

Unless otherwise specified in the special conditions, if any, the Security Deposit  / rate of recovery / mode of recovery shall be as under :-
a) Security Deposit for each work should be 5% of the contract value.
b) The rate of recovery should be at the rate of 10% of the bill amount till the full security deposit is recovered.



Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.

c) Security Deposits will be recovered only from the running bills on the contract and no other mode of collecting SD such as SD in the form of instruments like BG, GD etc. shall be accepted towards Security Deposit.

Security Deposit shall be returned to the Contractor after completion of maintenance work as certified by the Competent Authority. The Competent Authority shall normally be the authority who is competent to sign the contract. If this Competent Authority is of the rank lower than JA Grade, then a JA Grade Officer (concerned with the work) should issue the certificate. The certificate, inter alia, should mention that the work has been completed in all respects and that all the contractual obligations have been fulfilled by the Contractors and that there is no due from the Contractor to Railways against the contract concerned. Before releasing the SD, an unconditional and unequivocal no claim certificate from the Contractor concerned should be obtained.

d)         No interest will be payable upon the Earnest Money and Security Deposit.
18.1
Performance Guarantee (PG) : The procedure for obtaining performance Guarantee is outline below :-
(a)
The successful bidder shall have to submit a Performance Guarantee (PG) within 30 (Thirty) days from the date of issue of Letter of Acceptance (LOA), Extension of time for submission of PG beyond 30 (Thirty) days and upto 60 days from the date of issue of LOA may be given by the Authority who is competent to sign the contract agreement. However, a penal interest of 15% per annum shall be charged for the delay beyond 30 (Thirty) days, i.e. from 31st day after the date of issue of LOA. In case of Contractor fails to submit requisite PG even after 60  days from the date of issue of LOA, the contract shall be terminated duly forfeiting EMD and other dues, if any payable against that contract. The failed Contractor shall be debarred from participating in re-tender for that work.
(b)
The successful bidder may give Performance Guarantee amounting to 5% of the contract value in any of the following forms:-
(i)	A deposit of Cash,
(ii)	Irrevocable Bank Guarantee,
(iii) 	Government Securities including State Loan Bonds at 5% below the market value,
(iv) 	Deposit Receipts, Pay Orders, Demand Drafts and Guarantee Bonds. These forms of Performance Guarantee could be either of the State Bank of India or of any of the Nationalized Banks,
(v) 	Guarantee Bonds executed or Deposits Receipts tendered by all Scheduled Banks,
(vi) 	A Deposit in the Post Office Saving Bank,
(vii) 	A Deposit in the National Savings Certificates,
(viii)	Twelve years National Defence Certificates,
(ix)	Ten years Defence Deposits,
(x)	National Defence Bonds and
(xi)	Unit Trust Certificates at 5% below market value or at the face value whichever is less.
(xii)	FDR in favour of FA&CAO (free from any encumbrance).

The PG in the above form should be made in favour of FA&CAO / Chittaranjan Locomotive Works, Chittaranjan, District- Burdwan/West Bengal only.

Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.
(c)
The Performance Guarantee shall be submitted by the successful bidder after the letter of acceptance has been issued but before signing of the agreement. This guarantee shall be initially valid upto the stipulated date of completion plus 60 days beyond that. In case, the time for completion of work gets extended, the Contractor shall get the validity of Performance Guarantee extended to cover such extended time for completion of work plus 60 days.
(d)
The value of PG to be submitted by the Contractor will not change for variation upto 25% (either increase or decrease). In case during the course of execution, value of the contract increases by more than 25% of the original contract value, an additional Performance Guarantee amounting to 5% (five percent) for the excess value over the original contract value shall be deposited by the Contractor”.
(e)
Performance Guarantee shall be released after the physical completion of the work based on the completion certificate issued by the competent authority stating that the Contractor has completed the work in all respect satisfactorily. The security deposit however, shall be released after the expiry of maintenance period and after passing the final bill based on “No Claim Certificate” from the Contractor.
(f)
Wherever the contract is rescinded, the security deposit shall be forfeited and the Performance Guarantee shall be encashed and the balance work shall be got done independently without Risk and Cost of the failed Contractor. The failed Contractor shall be debarred from participating in the tender for executing the balance work. If the failed Contractor is a JV or a partnership firm then every member / partner of such a firm shall be debarred for participating in the tender for the balance work either in his / her individual capacity or as a partner of any other JV / Partnership firm.
(g)
The Engineer shall not make a claim under the Performance Guarantee except for amounts to which the President of India is entitled under the contract (not withstanding and / or without prejudice to any other provisions in the contract agreement) in the event of :-

(i) Failure by the Contractor to extend the validity of the Performance Guarantee as described herein above, in which event the Engineer may claim the full amount of Performance Guarantee.

(ii) Failure by the Contractor to pay President of India any amount due, either as agreed by the Contractor or determined under any of the Clauses / Conditions of the agreement, within 30 days of the service of notice to this effect by Engineer.

(iii) The contract being determined or rescinded under provision of the GCC the Performance Guarantee shall be forfeited in full and shall be absolutely at the disposal of the President of India.

19.
After completion of works the detail reports shall be furnished for all the units.
20.
RATES :
The Tenderer(s) should quote only uniform rate & the rates of all items will be given in schedule of prices. If there is any variation in rates quoted between words & figures, then lower of these two will be treated as final and binding.
20.1
The vehicle owner should be submitted of their offer as per format given in Annexure-I.
CONDITIONAL OFFERS AND OFFERS WITH CONDITION, REBATES WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED AND WILL BE SUMMARILY REJECTED.
22.
INCOME TAX & SALES TAX CLEARANCE CERTIFICATE :
The Tenderer is required to produce along with the tender the current and valid income tax and sales tax clearance certificate in original (which will be returned when done with) without which the tender are liable for rejection. The successful Tenderer shall have to send current income tax and sales tax clearance along with the bill without which no payment would be made to him.

Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.
23.
TAX DEDUCTION :
Income tax @ 2% plus surcharge & Educational Cess  as applicable on the amount to be paid by the Contractor in pursuance of the contract, which will be deducted from the bills preferred by him in accordance with section 1204C of the Income Tax Act., 1961 as introduced through Finance Act of 1972 or as amended from time to time. Applicable State Works Contract Sales Taxes will be deducted from the bills for the work in the particular state.
24.

LICENSE AND CONTRACTORS CERTIFICATE :
Along with tender, the Tenderer shall have to submit valid license of the Travel agency, Registered vehicle hiring authority. Alternately, the firm must be a Registered Company under State /Central Government for carrying out business for hiring vehicle.

VEHICLE COMMERCIAL LICENSE :
The vehicle owner should have valid commercial license (photocopy should be attached along with offer).
25.
SIGNING OF TENDERS AND POWER OF ATTORNEY :
In case of a firm registered under partnership Act, all the partners of the attorney duly authorized by all of them should sign the tender and other connected documents. A copy of the document empowering the individuals to sign should also be sent with the tender. In any case, Tenderer should his disclose his construction fully and copies of all necessary legal documents in support thereof should be submitted with the tender and originals thereof should be produced as and when called for.
Any individual signing the tender or other documents connected therewith should specify whether he is signing -
i) As Sole Proprietor of the concern or his Attorney or
ii) As a partner or partners of the firm or
iii) For the firm per procuration of
iv) As a Director, Manager or Secretary in the case of Limited Company.
26.
EARNEST MONEY :	
(a)	The Tenderer shall be required to deposit earnest money with the tender for  due performance with the stipulation to keep the offer open till such date as specified in the tender, under the conditions of tender. The earnest money shall be
Value of the work(tender value)
EMD
For works estimated to cost upto Rs.1 crore.
2% of the estimated cost of the work
For works estimated to cost more than Rs 1 crore.
Rs  2 lakhs plus ½% (Half percent) of the excess of estimated cost of work beyond Rs 1 crore subject to a maximum of Rs 1 crore.
The earnest money shall be rounded to the nearest Rs 10/-. Tender must be submitted along with the prescribed amount of the Earnest Money of Rs 5180/- (Rupees five  thousand one  hundred eighty ) only in acceptable form as mentioned.
(b) It shall be understood that the tender documents have been sold/issued to the Tenderer and the Tenderer is permitted to tender in consideration of stipulation on his part, that after submitting his tender he will not resize from his offer or modify the terms and conditions thereof in a manner not acceptable to the Engineer. Should the Tenderer fail to observe or comply with the said stipulation, the aforesaid amount shall be liable to be forfeited to the Railways.




Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.



(c) If his tender is accepted this earnest money mentioned in sub clause (a) above will be retailed as part security for the due and faithful fulfillment of the contract in terms of clause 16 of the General Conditions of Contract. The Earnest Money of other Tenderers, shall save as herein before provided, be returned to them, but the Railway shall not be responsible for any loss or depreciation that may happen thereto while in their possession, nor be liable to pay interest thereon.

(d) The practice of allowing standing EMD is dispensed forthwith for all tenders. Thereof, Sub clause (d) stand deleted.

(e) The Earnest Money should be in cash or in any of the following forms :-

(i)

Deposit receipts executed by the Scheduled Banks (other than the State Bank of India and the Nationalized Banks) approved by the Reserve Bank of India for this purpose. The Railways will not, however, accept deposit receipt without getting in writing the concurrence of the Reserve Bank of India.

(ii)
Deposit receipts, pay orders, demand drafts. These forms of earnest could be either of the State Bank of India or of any of the Nationalized Banks. No confirmatory advice from the Reserve Bank of India will be necessary.
27.
ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS :

Railway Administration may require modifications to be carried out on the works considered necessary either during the execution or after a part of whole of the installations coming within the purview of the contract such modifications shall be carried out only after the additional prices, if any proposal by the Contractor are accepted by the Railway Administration.
If any additional quantum of the works specified in the schedule becomes necessary during the course of execution the Contractor may be called upon to carryout such addition works to the extent 25% of the original contract quantity at the same rates, terms and conditions.
28.
SAFETY MEASURES :

The Contractor shall take all precautionary measures in order to ensure the protection of his own personnel moving about or working the Railway premises but shall then conform to the rules and regulations of the Railways. Regulations in force for the time being and ensure that the same are followed by his representative agents or sub-Contractor or workmen. He shall give due notice to his employees and workers about the provisions of the para. 

The Contractor shall indemnify and keep the Railway Administration indemnified and harmless against all actions, suits, claims, demands, other charges or expenses arising in connection with any accidents, death or injury sustained by any person(s) within the Railway premises and any loss or damage to Railway property sustained due to the acts or omissions of the Contractor, or his staff during the execution of this contract irrespective of whether such liability arising under the workmen’s compensation Act, 1923 or fatal accidents Acts or any other status in for the time being.
29.
RAILWAY PASSES:

No free Railway passes will be issued for the Contractor.
30.
SUBLETTING OF CONTRACTOR:

The Contractor shall not assign or sublet the Contractors any part thereof or allow any person to become interested therein any manner whatsoever without the special permission of the Railway. Any breach of this condition shall entitle the Railway to rescind the contract and also render the Contractor liable for payment to the Railway in respect of any loss or damage arising or ensuring from such cancellation.



Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.
31.
PROVISION OF PAYMENT OF WAGES ACT:

The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of the payment of Wages Act 1936 and the rules made there-under in respect of all employees directly or through the petty Contractors or sub-Contractors employed by him in the works. If in compliance with the terms of the contract, the Contractor directly or through petty Contractors or sub-Contractors shall supply any labour to be used wholly or partly under the direct orders and control of the Engineer whether in connection with the works to be executed hereunder or other wise for the purpose of the Engineer such labour shall nevertheless be deeded to comprise of person employed by the Contractor and any moneys which may be ordered to be paid by the Engineer shall be deeded to be moneys payable by the Engineer on behalf of the Contractor and the Engineer may on failure of the Contractor to repay such money to be Railways deduct the same from any moneys due to the Contractor in terms of the contract. The Railway shall be entitled to deduct from any moneys due to the Contractor (Whether under this contract or any other contract) all moneys paid or payable by the Railway by way of compensation of aforesaid or for cost of expenses in connection with any claim thereto and the decision of the Engineer upon any question arising out of the effect or force of this clause shall be final and binding upon the Contractor.


32.
WAGES TO LABOUR:

The Contractor shall be responsible to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Minimum Wages Act, 1948 as modified upto date therein after referred to as the said Act and the rules made there under in respect of any employees employed by him directly or through petty Contractors, sub-Contractors for the purpose o carrying but this contract. If in compliance with the terms of the contract, the Contractor directly or through petty Contractors or sub-Contractor supplies any labour to be used, wholly or partly under the direct orders and control of the purchaser whether in connection with an work being executed by the Contractor or otherwise for the purpose of the purchaser such labour shall for the purpose of this clause shall be deemed to be persons employed by the Contractor.


If any money, shall be a result of any claim or application and under the said Act be paid by the purchaser such money shall be deemed to be payable to the Railway by the Contractor and on failure by the Contractor or to repay the purchaser and moneys paid by it as aforesaid with a seven days after the same shall have been demanded the Railway shall be entitled to recover the same from any moneys due to accruing to the Contractor under this or any other contract with the Railway.
33.
General condition of Contract and up to date correction slip are applicable and binding on the Contractor.
34.
The Contractor shall submit their official address and telephone nos. and FAX No. so that necessary communication can be made by the Railway.
35.
This contract shall be governed by the laws for the time being in force in the Republic of India.
36.
Access to the site in Railway premises for the purpose for this contract shall be afforded to the Contractor by the purchaser all times.
37.
Agreement : The successful Tenderer shall within 21 days after having been called upon by notice to do so be bound to execute an agreement based on accepted rates and conditions, in such form as the purchaser may prescribe and lodge the same with the purchaser together with the conditions of contract. Specifications and schedules of prices referred to therein duly completed. 
38.
PAYMENT TERMS:
38.1
100% payments will be made on monthly basis for the duties/services performed during the month on submission of necessary bill along with documentary evidence i.e. on support of log book duly signed by vehicle  using officers  on daily basis duly accepted by DyGM or Sr PRO.


38.2


                                                       Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date
The payment will be made after completion of each month after calculation and   verification of the vehicles log book.

38.3
The payment will be made through RTGS mode of payment. As such, the followings may please be furnished :-

(i) Name of the Bank; (ii) IFSC Code of the Bank; 
(iii) Bank Account No. ; (iv) PAN.
38.4
PAYING AUTHORITY: FA&CAO(X) / CLW / Chittaranjan.
38.5

PART RECOVERY OF INCOME TAX:
As per existing IT rules in force. 

39.
ACCOMMODATION:

The Contractor shall make his own arrangements for the accommodation of his staff.
40.
THE DETAILED SCOPE OF THE WORK:

Chittaranjan and other places as required mainly around Chittaranjan .
41.
Firms submitting offer by downloading from website must enclosed DD of the prescribed amount towards cost of tender documents drawn in f/o FA&CAO/CLW/Chittaranjan payable at SBI/Chittaranjan Distt. – Burdwan / West Bengal. Offers receipt without purchasing tender documents   and offer without enclosing DD towards the cost of tender documents are liable not be considered except those are exempted to pay cost of tender documents  being registered with “The National Small Industries Corporation Ltd. with valid enlistment certificate with NSIC and with monitory limit.


The Contractor must sign all the pages of the tender documents. Tenderer offers not accompanied with signed tender document will be summarily rejected.

42.
The whole contract will be governed by General Conditions of Contract of Indian Railways.





Signature of Tenderer / Contractor with Seal and date.





-


                                                                                                                            Annexure - I


Tender No. – PRO/PR/20 Pt-II  due for opening on        -12- 2014 at 11.30 Hrs.

I / We  Sri / Smt ---------------------------------------------- hereby offer to give services of my vehicles  ( AC)  at the following rate, terms and conditions:-

Sl. No.
Item
Quoted rate
1.
Type of vehicle
In Figures.
In Words.
2.
Running of the AC vehicle upto 150 K.M. per day or 1800 km in a month on  3 days in one week daily basis. 
Total: 12 days in one month . 


3.
For any extra run beyond 150 Km , per day / per KM. (Rate to be furnished for each KM ).


4.
For any less run of 150 Km,   per day / per KM. (Rate to be furnished for each KM ).


5.
Bank A/c No. & Name of Bank with address and IFSC Code 


6.
PAN

7.
Commercial license  ref. and validity (copies of the same are to be attached)

8.
Earnest money Deposit reference with date.





Signature with seal of the vehicle owner

(N. B. : Any correction / overwriting should be attested by the Contractor with date).








