

















































	
Published by the Secretariat for PPP & Infrastructure 
Planning Commission
Yojana Bhavan 
Parliament Street 
New Delhi-110 001
www.infrastructure.gov.in

















Third Edition: April 2014
















 Printed by Brijbasi Art Press Ltd.
A-80-81, Sector-5, Noida – 201 203
CONTENTS

S. No.
Contents
Page No.

Preface
v

Overview of the framework
vii

Guidelines of the Ministry of Finance
xi

Model Request for Proposals
1

Letter of Invitation
3

Disclaimer
5

Glossary
7

Invitation for Proposals
9
1
Introduction
11

1.1
Background
11

1.2
Brief description of Bidding Process
12

1.3
Schedule of Bidding Process
15

1.4
Pre-Bid Conference
16
2
Instructions to Bidders
17

A
General
17

2.1
General terms of Bidding
17

2.2
Change in composition of the Consortium
20

2.3
Change in Ownership
21

2.4
Cost of Bidding
22

2.5
Site visit and verification of information
22

2.6
Verification and Disqualification 
23

B
Documents
24

2.7
Contents of the RFP
24

2.8
Clarifications
25

2.9
Amendment of RFP
26

C
Preparation and Submission of Bids
26

2.10
Format and Signing of Bid
26

2.11
Sealing and Marking of Bids
26

2.12
Bid Due Date
27

2.13
Late Bids
27

2.14
Contents of the Bid
27

2.15
Modifications/ Substitution/ Withdrawal of Bids
28

2.16
Rejection of Bids
28

2.17
Validity of Bids
28

2.18
Confidentiality
28

2.19
Correspondence with the Bidder
29

D
Bid Security
29

2.20
Bid Security
29
3
Evaluation of Bids
31

3.1
Opening and Evaluation of Bids
31

3.2
Tests of responsiveness
31

3.3
Selection of Bidder
32

3.4
Contacts during Bid Evaluation
33

3.5
Bid Parameter
33
4
Fraud and Corrupt Practices
35
5
Pre-Bid Conference
37
6
Miscellaneous
38

Appendices
40
I
Letter comprising the Bid
41
II
Bank Guarantee for Bid Security
47
III
Power of Attorney for signing of Bid
50
IV
Power of Attorney for Lead Member of Consortium
52
V
Guidelines of the Department of Disinvestment

55
VI
List of Bid-specific provisions
57
VII
List of Project-specific provisions
58

Preface
Public Private Partnership (PPP) in infrastructure is essentially a contractual arrangement between a public entity and a private partner for building and operating projects with the objective of providing efficient services at affordable costs, thus maximising welfare. However, the success of PPP is dependent on a fair, transparent and competitive environment coupled with a sound policy and legal framework. Flaws in the framework can lead to unintended outcomes; a cautious approach coupled with due diligence is, therefore, essential while formulating the rules of engagement.
The selection of the private partner holds the key to the success of a PPP project since the cost and quality of service to users over a long period would depend on the performance of the private partner. A flawed selection process can, therefore, jeopardise the entire project. On the other hand, a fair, predictable and competitive framework ensures that the pitfalls inherent in selection through negotiations or limited competition are eliminated and the public exchequer and users are assured of paying a competitive price for quality services.
The bidding process for selection of the private partner for undertaking a PPP project is divided into two stages. The first stage is referred to as Request for Qualification (RFQ) and is aimed at pre-qualification and short-listing of eligible bidders for the second stage of the process which is referred to as the Request for Proposals (RFP). The RFP process is aimed at obtaining financial offers from bidders who have been short-listed at the RFQ stage.
With a view to recommending the principles and guidelines relating to the RFP process and for evolving a Model RFP document, the Committee on Infrastructure (COI) chaired by the Prime Minister constituted an Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG) under the chairmanship of Secretary, Department of Expenditure and including all relevant ministries and the Planning Commission. The IMG submitted its Report after wide-ranging consultations with experts and stakeholders, and its recommendations were accepted by the COI. Accordingly, the Model RFP document was issued by the Ministry of Finance on November 2, 2007. A similar exercise was undertaken earlier in respect of a Model RFQ document which had also been issued by the Ministry of Finance on May 16, 2007.
Following the suggestions received from diverse stakeholders, and considering the experience gained, the Model RFQ has since been revised, based on the recommendations made by an Inter-Ministerial Task Force under the chairmanship of Member, Planning Commission. These modifications in the RFQ document require consequential changes to be made in the Model RFP document issued earlier so that the RFQ and the RFP documents are fully synchronised. The required modifications have since been carried out and form part of the Model RFP document contained in this volume.
The Model RFP document addresses the key requirements that must be observed for conducting a fair and competitive bidding process. It is generic in nature and aims at lending transparency and predictability to the entire process, allowing decisions to be made objectively and expeditiously. There is sufficient flexibility for incorporating project-specific requirements without compromising on the underlying principles.
It is expected that the ministries and other organisations of the Central Government would follow this document while conducting the bidding process for PPP projects. The State Governments may also wish to adopt it as a best practice document. It is hoped that this Model RFP document would improve the delivery of successful infrastructure projects.


(Gajendra Haldea)
Adviser to Deputy Chairman
16 July, 2009                                                                                      Planning Commission
Overview of the framework

Need for a standardised framework

With a view to enabling a smooth transition from public sector projects to Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) and for adoption of best practices, Government of India has recognised the critical role of standardising documents and processes to be adopted for structuring and award of PPP concessions. Standardised documents enable project authorities to save on the time and costs involved in structuring and awarding complex PPP projects.  In addition, they afford protection to individual entities and officials against making errors and answering for them.  Such standard documents typically lay down the norms, principles and parameters to be followed for PPP projects and enable project authorities to adopt them with considerable ease for meeting the specific requirements of individual projects.

One of the key factors for the success of a PPP contract is the transparency of the selection process. A fair and competitive selection of the private partner is of utmost importance in the entire process since cost and quality of service to users would depend on the performance of the private partner. In line with this objective, guidelines have been framed for the Request for Proposals (RFP) stage involving submission of financial bids subsequent to a process of pre-qualification at the Request for Qualification (RFQ) stage. The guidelines are broad and generic in nature and aim at lending transparency and predictability to the entire process, allowing decisions to be made objectively and expeditiously.They address the critical minimum requirements that must be observed in conducting a credible selection process.

It is expected that the administrative Ministries and other government entities intending to procure PPP projects would adopt this document while conducting the bidding process for PPP projects. It allows sufficient flexibility for incorporating project specific requirements without compromising on the underlying principles. The salient features of the guidelines are as follows:

Two-stage process

The bidding process for PPP projects is divided into two stages. The first stage is generally referred to as Request for Qualification (RFQ) or Expression of Interest (EoI). The objective is to pre-qualify and short-list eligible bidders for stage two of the process. In the second and final stage, which is generally referred to as RFP or invitation of financial bids, the bidders engage in a comprehensive scrutiny of the project before submitting their financial offers.

Request for Qualification (RFQ)

Detailed guidelines for inviting applications for pre-qualification and short-listing of bidders have already been issued vide O.M. of number F. No. 24(1)/PF.II/07 dated 5th December 2007 and subsequently modified vide O.M. of even number dated May 18, 2009. Bidders short-listed in accordance with these guidelines shall be invited to submit their financial offers in accordance with the guidelines stated below. In the event of a conflict between the Model RFQ and Model RFP, the latter shall prevail. 
Request for Proposals (RFP)

The RFP process is aimed at obtaining financial offers from the bidders pre-qualified at the RFQ stage. The information sought in the RFP would normally be restricted to financial offers only. The bidding parameter should be decided keeping in view the nature of the project and its revenue streams.

The RFP document should be simple and transparent and should require the bidder to quote only the value for a single bidding parameter. The detailed terms of the project would have to be specified in the Concession Agreement that should form an integral part of the Bidding Documents to be provided to the bidders along with the RFP document. The contents of the Concession Agreement would constitute the bid conditions and would, therefore, be binding. As such, much effort and expertise would be required in drafting the Concession Agreement. A Feasibility Report should also be provided to the bidders but this would only be for their assistance, and its contents would not be binding.

Technical evaluation at RFP stage

As already detailed in O.M. of number F. No. 24(1)/PF.II/07 dated 5th December, 2007 (Para 8.2), in case of exceptionally complex projects where the project authority determines that the bidders must submit their technical proposals/ plans, the requirements thereof should be specified in detail and such proposals/plans should be invited at the qualification stage, either along with the initial applications or at an intermediate stage preceding the RFP stage. Only prequalified applicants should be invited to participate in the bid stage, which shall only consist of an invitation to submit financial offers.

Evaluation criteria

The concession period and other terms of the project shall be pre-determined and clearly specified in the Concession Agreement. The financial offer would constitute the sole criteria for selection of a bidder and the project would be awarded to the Bidder quoting the lowest grant/highest premium.

Conclusion
A Model RFP document has been developed based on the principles outlined above. It is generic in nature and aims at lending transparency, efficiency and predictability to the entire process, allowing decisions to be made objectively and expeditiously. It also provides the requisite sector-specific and project-specific flexibility by placing several provisions within square brackets, thus enabling the project authorities to make necessary substitutions. To the extent possible, the concerned Ministries should standardise the provisions contained in square brackets so that case by case modifications are minimised. Some flexibility has also been afforded through explanations in the footnotes and project-specific/ sector-specific modifications may be undertaken to the extent enabled by the footnotes. Additional project-specific conditions may also be added if necessary. 

The Model RFP document addresses the critical requirements that should be satisfied for conducting a fair and transparent bidding process. It is expected that the administrative ministries and other organisations intending to procure infrastructure projects through PPP would observe these guidelines and adopt the Model RFP document for selecting the concessionaires.
GUIDELINES OF THE MINISTRY OF FINANCE
File No. 24(1)/PF.II/07
Government of India
Ministry of Finance
Department of Expenditure
Plan Finance II Division
New Delhi, the 30th November, 2007
OFFICE MEMORANDUM
Sub:	 Guidelines for Invitation of Financial Bids for PPP Projects
1.1 	I am directed to state that for inviting financial bids from pre-qualified and 	shortlisted bidders for projects to be implemented through Public Private 	Partnership (PPP), the following guidelines may be followed henceforth:
1.2 	These guidelines shall apply to all Ministries and Departments of the Central 	Government, all statutory entities under the control of Central Government 	and all Central Public Sector Undertakings (CPSUs).
2 	TWO STAGE PROCESS
The bidding process for PPP projects is divided into two stages. The first stage is generally referred to as Request for Qualification (RFQ) or Expression of Interest (EoI). The objective is to pre-qualify and short-list eligible bidders for stage two of the process. In the second and final stage, generally referred to as the Request for Proposal (RFP) or invitation of financial bids, the bidders engage in a comprehensive scrutiny of the project before submitting their financial offers.
3 	REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATION (RFQ)
Detailed guidelines for inviting applications for pre-qualification and short-listing of bidders have already been issued vide O.M. of number F. No. 24(1)/PF.II/07 dated 16th May, 2007. Bidders short-listed in accordance with these guidelines shall be invited to submit their financial offers in accordance with the guidelines stated below. In the event of a conflict between the Model RFQ and Model RFP, the latter shall prevail.



4 	REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)
4.1 	The RFP process is aimed at obtaining financial offers from pre-qualified bidders after the RFQ stage. The information sought in the RFP would normally be restricted to financial offers only. The bidding parameter would be decided keeping in view the nature of the project and its revenue streams.
4.2 	The RFP document should be simple and transparent whereby only a financial bid would be invited. The detailed terms of the project would have to be specified in the Concession Agreement/ Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) that should form an integral part of the Bid Documents. The contents of the Concession Agreement/ PPA would constitute the bid conditions and would, therefore, be binding. As such, much effort and expertise would be required in drafting the Concession Agreement/ PPA. A Feasibility Report would also be provided to the bidders but this would only be for their assistance, and its contents would not be binding.
5 	EVALUATION CRITERIA
The concession period and other terms of the project shall be pre-determined and clearly specified in the Concession Agreement/ PPA. The financial offer would constitute the sole criteria for selection of a bidder and the Project would be awarded to the Bidder quoting the lowest/highest bid.
6 	TECHNICAL EVALUATION AT RFP STAGE
As already detailed in O.M. of number F. No. 24(1)/PF.II/07 dated 16th May, 2007 (Para 8.2), in case of exceptionally complex projects where the project authority determines that the bidders must submit their technical proposals/ plans, the requirements thereof should be specified in detail and such proposals/plans should be invited at the qualification stage, either along with the initial applications or at an intermediate stage preceding the RFP stage. Only prequalified applicants should be invited to participate in the bid stage, which shall only consist of an invitation to submit financial offers.
7 	MODEL RFP DOCUMENT
7.1 	A Model RFP document has been developed based on the principles outlined above. It is generic in nature and aims at lending transparency and predictability to the entire process, allowing decisions to be made expeditiously. It also provides the requisite sector specific and project-specific flexibility by placing several provisions within square brackets, thus enabling the project authorities to make necessary substitutions. To the extent possible, the concerned Ministries should standardise the provisions contained in square brackets so that case by case modifications are minimised. Some flexibility has also been afforded through explanations in the footnotes and project-specific/sector-specific modifications may be undertaken to the extent enabled by the footnotes. In case further flexibility is needed for any specific sector or project, the requisite modifications may be made with the approval of the PPP Appraisal Committee (PPPAC).
7.2 	The Model RFP document addresses the critical requirements that should be observed for conducting a fair and transparent process. The Administrative Ministries/Autonomous Bodies intending to procure services through a PPP project should observe these guidelines and adopt the Model RFP document for selecting the concessionaire for implementation of the PPP Project.
8 	These instructions shall come into force with immediate effect and will apply to all cases where bids are invited after November 1, 2007. 



(Dr. Anuradha Balaram)
Director/PF.II
Tel. No. 23092668
1. 	Chairman, Railway Board, Rail Bhawan, New Delhi.
2. 	Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, North Block, New Delhi.
3.	 Secretary, Ministry of Civil Aviation, Rajiv Gandhi Bhawan, Safdarjung Airport, 	New Delhi.
4. 	Secretary, Department of Road Transport & Highways, Transport Bhawan, New	 	Delhi.
5.	Secretary, Department of Shipping, Transport Bhawan, New Delhi.
6. 	Secretary, Ministry of Power, Sharam Shakti Bhawan, Rafi Marg, New Delhi.
7. 	Secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, Nirman Bhawan, New Delhi.
8. 	Secretary, Department of Telecommunication, Sanchar Bhawan, New Delhi.
9. 	Secretary, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, CGO Complex, New Delhi.
10. 	Secretary, Ministry of Law and Justice, Department of Legal Affairs, Shastri 	Bhawan, New Delhi.
11. 	Adviser to Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission, Yojana Bhavan, New Delhi.

	Copy to: PS to JS(PF.II) / PS to AS(E) / PPS to Secretary (E)















Model 
Request for Proposals (RFP)

[Name and address of the Authority]
Letter Of Invitation
Dated *****
To,
**********
**********
**********

Sub: RFP for ********** Project
Dear Sir,
Pursuant to your application in response to our Request for Qualification for the abovesaid project (the “RFQ”), you were short listed as a Bidder, and asked vide our letter dated ***** to remit the fee for RFP document (the “RFP”) within a week. We acknowledge your remittance of [Rs. 200,000 (Rs. two lakh only)]1 as the cost of procuring the RFP documents, which are enclosed. 
You are requested to participate in the Bid Stage and submit your financial proposal (the “Bid”) for the aforesaid project in accordance with the RFP. 
Please note that the Authority reserves the right to accept or reject all or any of the bids without assigning any reason whatsoever. 
					Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,

(Signature, name and designation of the Signatory) 



Disclaimer
The information contained in this Request for Proposals document (the “rfP”) or subsequently provided to Bidder(s), whether verbally or in documentary or any other form by or on behalf of the Authority or any of its employees or advisors, is provided to Bidder(s) on the terms and conditions set out in this RFP and such other terms and conditions subject to which such information is provided. 
This RFP is not an agreement and is neither an offer nor invitation by the Authority to the prospective Bidders or any other person. The purpose of this RFP is to provide interested parties with information that may be useful to them in making their financial offers (Bids) pursuant to this RFP. This RFP includes statements, which reflect various assumptions and assessments arrived at by the Authority in relation to the Project. Such assumptions, assessments and statements do not purport to contain all the information that each Bidder may require. This RFP may not be appropriate for all persons, and it is not possible for the Authority, its employees or advisors to consider the investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of each party who reads or uses this RFP. The assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in the Bidding Documents, especially the [Feasibility Report], may not be complete, accurate, adequate or correct. Each Bidder should, therefore, conduct its own investigations and analysis and should check the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, reliability and completeness of the assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this RFP and obtain independent advice from appropriate sources. 
Information provided in this RFP to the Bidder(s) is on a wide range of matters, some of which may depend upon interpretation of law. The information given is not intended to be an exhaustive account of statutory requirements and should not be regarded as a complete or authoritative statement of law. The Authority accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise for any interpretation or opinion on law expressed herein. 
The Authority, its employees and advisors make no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to any person, including any Applicant or Bidder under any law, statute, rules or regulations or tort, principles of restitution or unjust enrichment or otherwise for any loss, damages, cost or expense which may arise from or be incurred or suffered on account of anything contained in this RFP or otherwise, including the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, completeness or reliability of the RFP and any assessment, assumption, statement or information contained therein or deemed to form part of this RFP or arising in any way for participation in this Bid Stage.
The Authority also accepts no liability of any nature whether resulting from negligence or otherwise howsoever caused arising from reliance of any Bidder upon the statements contained in this RFP.
The Authority may in its absolute discretion, but without being under any obligation to do so, update, amend or supplement the information, assessment or assumptions contained in this RFP.
The issue of this RFP does not imply that the Authority is bound to select a Bidder or to appoint the Selected Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, for the Project and the Authority reserves the right to reject all or any of the Bidders or Bids without assigning any reason whatsoever.
The Bidder shall bear all its costs associated with or relating to the preparation and submission of its Bid including but not limited to preparation, copying, postage, delivery fees, expenses associated with any demonstrations or presentations which may be required by the Authority or any other costs incurred in connection with or relating to its Bid. All such costs and expenses will remain with the Bidder and the Authority shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for the same or for any other costs or other expenses incurred by a Bidder in preparation or submission of the Bid, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the Bidding Process.

Glossary
Authority 		 				As defined in Clause 1.1.1 
Associate						As defined in Clause 2.1.14
Bank Guarantee					As defined in Clause 2.20.1
Bid(s) 	 						As defined in Clause 1.2.2
Bidders						As defined in Clause 1.2.2
Bidding Documents 					As defined in Clause 1.1.7
Bid Due Date 						As defined in Clause 1.1.7
Bidding Process					As defined in Clause 1.2.1
Bid Security 						As defined in Clause 1.2.4
Bid Stage 						As defined in Clause 1.2.1
Concession 						As defined in Clause 1.1.5
Concession Agreement				As defined in Clause 1.1.2
Concessionaire 					As defined in Clause 1.1.2
Conflict of Interest					As defined in Clause 2.1.14
Damages						As defined in Clause 2.1. 14
[DBFOT]						As defined in Clause 1.1.1
Demand Draft					As defined in Clause 2.20.2
Estimated Project Cost				As defined in Clause 1.1.4
Feasibility Report 					As defined in Clause 1.2.3
Government 						Government of *****	
Grant							As defined in Clause 1.2.6 (a)
Highest Bidder					As defined in Clause 1.2.6 (b)
LOA							As defined in Clause 3.3.5
Member 						Member of a Consortium 
PPP							Public Private Partnership
Premium						As defined in Clause 1.2.6 (a)
Project						As defined in Clause 1.1.1 
Re. or Rs. or INR		 		 	Indian Rupee
RFP or Request for Proposals			As defined in the Disclaimer
RFQ							As defined in Clause 2.1.2
Selected Bidder					As defined in Clause 3.3.1

The words and expressions beginning with capital letters and defined in this document shall, unless repugnant to the context, have the meaning ascribed thereto hereinabove. The words and expressions beginning with capital letters and not defined herein, but defined in the RFQ, shall, unless repugnant to the context, have the meaning ascribed thereto therein.

	










Invitation for Proposals







[Name of Authority]
1. INTRODUCTION$

1.1 	Background2 
1.1.1	The [National Highways Authority of India] (the “Authority”) is engaged in the development of [highways] and as part of this endeavour, the Authority has decided to undertake development, operation and maintenance of the ***** Project (the “Project”) through Public Private Partnership (the “PPP”) on [Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (the “DBFOT”)] basis, and has, therefore, decided to carry out the bidding process for selection of [a private entity as]3 the Bidder to whom the Project may be awarded. Brief particulars of the Project are as follows:
Name of the Project
[Length (in Km)]
Estimated Project Cost
(In Rs. cr.)
[Jaipur-Kishengarh section of NH-8]
[94]
[500]
1.1.2	The Selected Bidder, who is either a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956/ 2013 or undertakes to incorporate as such prior to execution of the concession agreement (the “Concessionaire”), shall be responsible for [designing,] engineering, financing, procurement, construction, operation and maintenance of the Project under and in accordance with the provisions of a [long-term] concession agreement (the “Concession Agreement”) to be entered into between the Selected Bidder and the Authority in the form provided by the Authority as part of the Bidding Documents pursuant hereto.
1.1.3	The scope of work will broadly include [rehabilitation, upgradation and widening of the existing carriageway to four-lane standards with construction of new pavement, rehabilitation of existing pavement, construction and/ or rehabilitation of major and minor bridges, culverts, road intersections, interchanges, drains, etc.] and the management, operation and maintenance thereof.
1.1.4	The estimated cost of the Project (the “Estimated Project Cost”) has been specified in Clause 1.1.1 above. The assessment of actual costs, however, will have to be made by the Bidders. 
1.1.5	The Concession Agreement sets forth the detailed terms and conditions for grant of the concession to the Concessionaire, including the scope of the Concessionaire’s services and obligations (the “Concession”).
1.1.6	The statements and explanations contained in this RFP are intended to provide a better understanding to the Bidders about the subject matter of this RFP and should not be construed or interpreted as limiting in any way or manner the scope of services and obligations of the Concessionaire set forth in the Concession Agreement or the Authority’s rights to amend, alter, change, supplement or clarify the scope of work, the Concession to be awarded pursuant to this RFP or the terms thereof or herein contained. Consequently, any omissions, conflicts or contradictions in the Bidding Documents including this RFP are to be noted, interpreted and applied appropriately to give effect to this intent, and no claims on that account shall be entertained by the Authority.
1.1.7	The Authority shall receive Bids pursuant to this RFP in accordance with the terms set forth in this RFP and other documents to be provided by the Authority pursuant to this RFP, as modified, altered, amended and clarified from time to time by the Authority (collectively the “Bidding Documents”), and all Bids shall be prepared and submitted in accordance with such terms on or before the date specified in Clause 1.3 for submission of Bids (the “Bid Due Date”).
1.2 	Brief description of Bidding Process
1.2.1	The Authority has adopted a two-stage bidding process (collectively referred to as the “Bidding Process”) for selection of the Bidder for award of the Project. The first stage (the “Qualification Stage”) of the process involved pre-qualification of interested parties/ Consortia in accordance with the provisions of the RFQ. At the end of the Qualification Stage, the Authority short-listed Applicants who are eligible for participation in this second stage of the Bidding Process (the “Bid Stage”) comprising Request for Proposals. 
The Government of India has issued guidelines (see Appendix-V of RFP) for qualification of bidders seeking to acquire stakes in any public sector enterprise through the process of disinvestment. These guidelines shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Bidding Process. The Authority shall be entitled to disqualify an Applicant in accordance with the aforesaid guidelines at any stage of the Bidding Process. Applicants must satisfy themselves that they are qualified to bid, and should give an undertaking to this effect in the form at Appendix-I.
1.2.2	In the Bid Stage, the aforesaid short-listed Applicants, including their successors, (the “Bidders”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context, include the Members of the Consortium) are being called upon to submit their financial offers (the “Bids”) in accordance with the terms specified in the Bidding Documents. The Bid shall be valid for a period of not less than 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the Bid Due Date.
1.2.3	The Bidding Documents include the draft Concession Agreement for the Project [which is enclosed/ which will be provided to the Bidders on or near about ***]4. The Feasibility Report prepared by the [Authority/ consultants of the Authority] (the “Feasibility Report”) [is also enclosed/ will also be provided to the Bidders on or near about ***]5. Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.1.3, the aforesaid documents and any addenda issued subsequent to this RFP Document, will be deemed to form part of the Bidding Documents. 
1.2.4	A Bidder is required to deposit, along with its Bid, a bid security of Rs *************6 (the “Bid Security”), refundable not later than 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due Date, except in the case of the Selected Bidder whose Bid Security shall be retained till it has provided a Performance Security under the Concession Agreement. The Bidders will have an option to provide Bid Security in the form of a demand draft or a bank guarantee acceptable to the Authority. In case a bank guarantee is provided, its validity period shall not be less than 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as may be mutually agreed between the Authority and the Bidder from time to time. Where a demand draft is provided, its validity shall not be less than 80 (eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, for the purposes of encashment by the Authority. The Bid shall be summarily rejected if it is not accompanied by the Bid Security.
1.2.5	During the Bid Stage, Bidders are invited to examine the Project in greater detail, and to carry out, at their cost, such studies as may be required for submitting their respective Bids for award of the Concession including implementation of the Project.
1.2.6	(a)	Bids are invited for the [financial grant required by a Bidder for implementing the Project (the “Grant”). A Bidder may, instead of seeking a Grant, offer to pay a premium to the Authority in the form of a revenue share and also an upfront Concession Fee in terms of the draft Concession Agreement (the “Premium”)].	
	(b)	In this RFP, the term “Highest Bidder” shall mean the Bidder who is [offering the highest Premium, and where no Bidder is offering a Premium, it shall mean the Bidder seeking the lowest Grant.] The concession period and other terms are pre-determined, as indicated in the draft Concession Agreement, and the [Grant/ Premium] shall constitute the sole criteria for evaluation of Bids. Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.16, the Project will be awarded to the Highest Bidder.
	(c)	[In case a Bidder seeks a Grant, it shall specify the amount thereof in its Bid.  For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that a Bidder who seeks a Grant cannot offer any Premium. A Bidder who seeks a Grant, or does not offer any Premium, shall nevertheless be required to commence payment of a Premium of 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable Fee from the 15th (fifteenth) anniversary of COD, which shall be increased for each subsequent year by an additional 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable Fee, in accordance with the provisions of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement.] 
	(d)	[In case a Bidder offers a Premium, it shall, –
(i) specify the day with respect to COD from which the payment of Premium shall commence at a rate of 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable Fee for the first year from COD, and which shall be increased for each subsequent year by an additional 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable Fee, in accordance with the provisions of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the aforesaid payment of a Premium of 1% (one per cent) shall commence either from COD or from any other date falling between COD and the 15th (fifteenth) anniversary thereof, as specified in the Bid, and in accordance with the provisions of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement; or 
(ii) specify a Premium exceeding 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable fee for the year commencing from COD, and which shall be increased for each subsequent year by an additional 1% (one per cent) of the total Realisable Fee in accordance with the provisions of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement, subject to a maximum of [40% ( forty per cent )] in terms of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement; or 
(iii) while offering a Premium of [40% (forty per cent)] of the total Realisable Fee for the 1st (first) year commencing from COD, in addition offer an upfront Concession Fee in terms of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement.]
1.2.7	Generally, the Highest Bidder shall be the Selected Bidder. The remaining Bidders shall be kept in reserve and may, in accordance with the process specified in Clause 3 of this RFP, be invited to match the Bid submitted by the Highest Bidder in case such Highest Bidder withdraws or is not selected for any reason. In the event that none of the other Bidders match the Bid of the Highest Bidder, the Authority may, in its discretion, either invite fresh Bids from the remaining Bidders or annul the Bidding Process.
1.2.8	The Concessionaire shall, in consideration of its investment and services, be entitled to [levy and collect a pre-determined user fee /receive a unitary charge]. 
1.2.9	Details of the process to be followed at the Bid Stage and the terms thereof are spelt out in this RFP.
1.2.10	Any queries or request for additional information concerning this RFP shall be submitted in writing by speed post/ courier/ special messenger and by e-mail so as to reach the officer designated in Clause 2.11.5 by the specified date. The envelopes/ communication shall clearly bear the following identification/ title:
	“Queries/Request for Additional Information: RFP for ***** Project”. 
1.3	Schedule of Bidding Process
The Authority shall endeavour to adhere to the following schedule:
 
Event Description
Date
1.
Last date for receiving queries
[25 days from the date of RFP]
2.
Pre-Bid Conference-1
[To be specified]
3.
Authority response to queries latest by 
[35 days from the date of RFP]
4.
[Pre-Bid Conference-2]7
[To be specified]
5.
Bid Due Date 
[To be specified]
6.
Opening of Bids 
On Bid Due Date [at least 45 days from the date of RFP]
7.
Letter of Award (LOA)
Within 30 days of Bid Due Date 
8.
Validity of Bids 
120 days of Bid Due Date 
9.
Signing of Concession Agreement
Within 30 days of award of LOA
1.4	Pre-Bid Conference
	The date, time and venue of the Pre-Bid Conference shall be:
	Date: *****
	Time: 1100 hrs
	Venue: *****
2. INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
A.	GENERAL 
2.1.	General terms of Bidding
2.1.1 No Bidder shall submit more than one Bid for the Project. A Bidder bidding individually or as a member of a Consortium shall not be entitled to submit another bid either individually or as a member of any Consortium, as the case may be. 
2.1.2 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms not defined in this RFP, but defined in the Request for Qualification document for the Project (the “RFQ”) shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the RFQ.
2.1.3 The Feasibility Report of the Project is being provided only as a preliminary reference document by way of assistance to the Bidders who are expected to carry out their own surveys, investigations and other detailed examination of the Project before submitting their Bids. Nothing contained in the Feasibility Report shall be binding on the Authority nor confer any right on the Bidders, and the Authority shall have no liability whatsoever in relation to or arising out of any or all contents of the Feasibility Report.
2.1.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this RFP, the detailed terms specified in the draft Concession Agreement shall have overriding effect; provided, however, that any conditions or obligations imposed on the Bidder hereunder shall continue to have effect in addition to its obligations under the Concession Agreement.
2.1.5 The Bid should be furnished in the format at Appendix–I, clearly indicating the bid amount in both figures and words, in Indian Rupees, and signed by the Bidder’s authorised signatory. In the event of any difference between figures and words, the amount indicated in words shall be taken into account.
2.1.6 The Bid shall consist of [a Grant or a Premium, as the case may be,] to be quoted by the Bidder. [Grant shall be payable by the Authority to the Concessionaire and the Premium shall be payable by the Concessionaire to the Authority, as the case may be,] as per the terms and conditions of this RFP and the provisions of the Concession Agreement.
2.1.7 The Bidder shall deposit a Bid Security of Rs. ***** (Rupees *****) in accordance with the provisions of this RFP. The Bidder has the option to provide the Bid Security either as a Demand Draft or in the form of a Bank Guarantee acceptable to the Authority, as per format at Appendix–II. 
2.1.8 The validity period of the Bank Guarantee shall not be less than 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as may be mutually agreed between the Authority and the Bidder. Where a demand draft is provided, its validity shall not be less than 80 (eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, for the purposes of encashment by the Authority. The Bid shall be summarily rejected if it is not accompanied by the Bid Security. The Bid Security shall be refundable no later than 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due Date except in the case of the Selected Bidder whose Bid Security shall be retained till it has provided a Performance Security under the Concession Agreement.
2.1.9 The Bidder should submit a Power of Attorney as per the format at Appendix–III, authorising the signatory of the Bid to commit the Bidder.
2.1.10 In case the Bidder is a Consortium, the Members thereof should furnish a Power of Attorney in favour of the Lead Member in the format at Appendix–IV.
2.1.11 Any condition or qualification or any other stipulation contained in the Bid shall render the Bid liable to rejection as a non-responsive Bid.
2.1.12	The Bid and all communications in relation to or concerning the Bidding Documents and the Bid shall be in English language.
2.1.13	The documents including this RFP and all attached documents, provided by the Authority are and shall remain or become the property of the Authority and are transmitted to the Bidders solely for the purpose of preparation and the submission of a Bid in accordance herewith. Bidders are to treat all information as strictly confidential and shall not use it for any purpose other than for preparation and submission of their Bid. The provisions of this Clause 2.1.13 shall also apply mutatis mutandis to Bids and all other documents submitted by the Bidders, and the Authority will not return to the Bidders any Bid, document or any information provided along therewith.
2.1.14	A Bidder shall not have a conflict of interest (the “Conflict of Interest”) that affects the Bidding Process. Any Bidder found to have a Conflict of Interest shall be disqualified. In the event of disqualification, the Authority shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case may be, as mutually agreed genuine pre-estimated loss and damage likely to be suffered and incurred by the Authority and not by way of penalty for, inter alia, the time, cost and effort of the Authority, including consideration of such Bidder’s proposal (the “Damages”), without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to the Authority under the Bidding Documents and/ or the Concession Agreement or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the above, a Bidder shall be deemed to have a Conflict of Interest affecting the Bidding Process, if: 
(i)	the Bidder, its Member or Associate (or any constituent thereof) and any other Bidder, its Member or any Associate thereof (or any constituent thereof) have common controlling shareholders or other ownership interest; provided that this disqualification shall not apply in cases where the direct or indirect shareholding of a Bidder, its Member or an Associate thereof (or any shareholder thereof having a shareholding of more than 5% (five per cent) of the paid up and subscribed share capital of such Bidder, Member or Associate, as the case may be) in the other Bidder, its Member or Associate, is less than 5% (five per cent) of the subscribed and paid up equity share capital thereof; provided further that this disqualification shall not apply to any ownership by a bank, insurance company, pension fund or a public financial institution referred to in sub-section (72) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013. For the purposes of this Clause 2.1.14, indirect shareholding held through one or more intermediate persons shall be computed as follows: (aa) where any intermediary is controlled by a person through management control or otherwise, the entire shareholding held by such controlled intermediary in any other person (the “Subject Person”) shall be taken into account for computing the shareholding of such controlling person in the Subject Person; and (bb) subject always to sub-clause (aa) above, where a person does not exercise control over an intermediary, which has shareholding in the Subject Person, the computation of indirect shareholding of such person in the Subject Person shall be undertaken on a proportionate basis; provided, however, that no such shareholding shall be reckoned under this sub-clause (bb) if the shareholding of such person in the intermediary is less than 26% of the subscribed and paid up equity shareholding of such intermediary; or
(ii)	a constituent of such Bidder is also a constituent of another Bidder; or
(iii)	such Bidder, its Member or any Associate thereof receives or has received any direct or indirect subsidy, grant, concessional loan or subordinated debt from any other Bidder, its Member or Associate, or has provided any such subsidy, grant, concessional loan or subordinated debt to any other Bidder, its Member or any Associate thereof; or
(iv)	such Bidder has the same legal representative for purposes of this Bid as any other Bidder; or
(v)	such Bidder, or any Associate thereof, has a relationship with another Bidder, or any Associate thereof, directly or through common third party/ parties, that puts either or both of them in a position to have access to each other’s information about, or to influence the Bid of either or each other; or
(vi)	such Bidder or any Associate thereof has participated as a consultant to the Authority in the preparation of any documents, design or technical specifications of the Project.
Explanation:
In case a Bidder is a Consortium, then the term Bidder as used in this Clause 2.1.14, shall include each Member of such Consortium.
For purposes of this RFP, Associate means, in relation to the Bidder/ Consortium Member, a person who controls, is controlled by, or is under the common control with such Bidder/ Consortium Member (the “Associate”). As used in this definition, the expression “control” means, with respect to a person which is a company or corporation, the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% (fifty per cent) of the voting shares of such person, and with respect to a person which is not a company or corporation, the power to direct the management and policies of such person by operation of law.
2.1.15 	A Bidder shall be liable for disqualification and forfeiture of Bid Security if any legal, financial or technical adviser of the Authority in relation to the Project is engaged by the Bidder, its Members or any Associate thereof, as the case may be, in any manner for matters related to or incidental to such Project during the Bidding Process or subsequent to the (i) issue of the LOA or (ii) execution of the Concession Agreement. In the event any such adviser is engaged by the Selected Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, after issue of the LOA or execution of the Concession Agreement for matters related or incidental to the Project, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the LOA or the Concession Agreement and without prejudice to any other right or remedy of the Authority, including the forfeiture and appropriation of the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case may be, which the Authority may have thereunder or otherwise, the LOA or the Concession Agreement, as the case may be, shall be liable to be terminated without the Authority being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Selected Bidder or Concessionaire for the same. For the avoidance of doubt, this disqualification shall not apply where such adviser was engaged by the Bidder, its Member or Associate in the past but its assignment expired or was terminated prior to the Application Due Date. Nor will this disqualification apply where such adviser is engaged after a period of 3 (three) years from the date of commercial operation of the Project.
2.1.16	This RFP is not transferable.
2.1.17	Any award of Concession pursuant to this RFP shall be subject to the terms of Bidding Documents.
2.1.18	[Other Bid conditions shall include: ***]8.
2.2	Change in composition of the Consortium
2.2.1	Where the Bidder is a Consortium, change in composition of the Consortium may be permitted by the Authority during the Bid Stage, only where: 
(a) the Lead Member continues to be the Lead Member of the Consortium;
(b) the substitute is at least equal, in terms of Technical Capacity or Financial Capacity, to the Consortium Member who is sought to be substituted and the modified Consortium shall continue to meet the pre-qualification and short-listing criteria for Applicants; and
(c) the new Member(s) expressly adopt(s) the Application already made on behalf of the Consortium as if it were a party to it originally, and is not an Applicant/Member/ Associate of any other Consortium bidding for this Project.
2.2.2	Approval for change in the composition of a Consortium shall be at the sole discretion of the Authority and must be approved by the Authority in writing. The Bidder must submit its application for change in composition of the Consortium no later than 15 (fifteen) days prior to the Bid Due Date.
2.2.3	The modified/ reconstituted Consortium shall submit a revised Jt. Bidding Agreement and a Power of Attorney, substantially in the form at Appendix-IV, prior to the Bid Due Date.
2.2.4	The option of change in composition of the Consortium which is available under Clause 2.2.1 may be exercised by any Bidder who is either a Consortium or a single entity. In the case of a single entity Bidder adding a Consortium Member at the Bid Stage, the single entity Bidder shall be the Lead Member of the Consortium. Provided, however, that no member of such Consortium shall be a Bidder or the member of a Consortium which has been pre-qualified.
2.3	Change in Ownership
2.3.1 By submitting the Bid, the Bidder acknowledges that it was pre-qualified and short-listed on the basis of Technical Capacity and Financial Capacity of those of its Consortium Members who shall, until the 2nd (second) anniversary of the date of commercial operation of the Project, hold equity share capital representing not less than: (i) 26% (twenty six per cent) of the subscribed and paid-up equity of the Concessionaire; and (ii) 5% (five per cent) of the Total Project Cost specified in the Concession Agreement. The Bidder further acknowledges and agrees that the aforesaid obligation shall be the minimum, and shall be in addition to such other obligations as may be contained in the Concession Agreement, and a breach hereof shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Concession Agreement, be deemed to be a breach of the Concession Agreement and dealt with as such thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Clause 2.3.1 shall apply only when the Bidder is a Consortium.
2.3.2	By submitting the Bid, the Bidder shall also be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that in the event of a change in control of a Consortium Member or an Associate whose Technical Capacity and/ or Financial Capacity was taken into consideration for the purposes of short-listing and pre-qualification under and in accordance with the RFQ, the Bidder shall be deemed to have knowledge of the same and shall be required to inform the Authority forthwith along with all relevant particulars about the same and the Authority may, in its sole discretion, disqualify the Bidder or withdraw the LOA from the Selected Bidder, as the case may be. In the event such change in control occurs after signing of the Concession Agreement but prior to Financial Close of the Project, it would, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Concession Agreement, be deemed to be a breach of the Concession Agreement, and the same shall be liable to be terminated without the Authority being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Concessionaire. In such an event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Concession Agreement, the Authority shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case may be, as Damages, without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to the Authority under the Bidding Documents and/ or the Concession Agreement or otherwise. 
2.4	Cost of Bidding
The Bidders shall be responsible for all of the costs associated with the preparation of their Bids and their participation in the Bidding Process. The Authority will not be responsible or in any way liable for such costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the Bidding Process. 
2.5	Site visit and verification of information
2.5.1	Bidders are encouraged to submit their respective Bids after visiting the Project site and ascertaining for themselves the site conditions, traffic, location, surroundings, climate, availability of power, water and other utilities for construction, access to site, handling and storage of materials, weather data, applicable laws and regulations, and any other matter considered relevant by them. 
2.5.2	It shall be deemed that by submitting a Bid, the Bidder has: 
(a) made a complete and careful examination of the Bidding Documents;
(b)	received all relevant information requested from the Authority;
(c)	accepted the risk of inadequacy, error or mistake in the information provided in the Bidding Documents or furnished by or on behalf of the Authority relating to any of the matters referred to in Clause 2.5.1 above;
(d)	satisfied itself about all matters, things and information including matters referred to in Clause 2.5.1 hereinabove necessary and required for submitting an informed Bid, execution of the Project in accordance with the Bidding Documents and performance of all of its obligations thereunder; 
(e)	acknowledged and agreed that inadequacy, lack of completeness or incorrectness of information provided in the Bidding Documents or ignorance of any of the matters referred to in Clause 2.5.1 hereinabove shall not be a basis for any claim for compensation, damages, extension of time for performance of its obligations, loss of profits etc. from the Authority, or a ground for termination of the Concession Agreement by the Concessionaire; 
(f)	acknowledged that it does not have a Conflict of Interest; and
(g)	agreed to be bound by the undertakings provided by it under and in terms hereof.
2.5.3	The Authority shall not be liable for any omission, mistake or error in respect of any of the above or on account of any matter or thing arising out of or concerning or relating to RFP, RFQ, the Bidding Documents or the Bidding Process, including any error or mistake therein or in any information or data given by the Authority.
2.6	Verification and Disqualification 
2.6.1	The Authority reserves the right to verify all statements, information and documents submitted by the Bidder in response to the RFQ, the RFP or the Bidding Documents and the Bidder shall, when so required by the Authority, make available all such information, evidence and documents as may be necessary for such verification. Any such verification, or lack of such verification, by the Authority shall not relieve the Bidder of its obligations or liabilities hereunder nor will it affect any rights of the Authority thereunder.
2.6.2	The Authority reserves the right to reject any Bid and appropriate the Bid Security if:
(a) at any time, a material misrepresentation is made or uncovered, or
(b) the Bidder does not provide, within the time specified by the Authority, the supplemental information sought by the Authority for evaluation of the Bid.	
Such misrepresentation/ improper response shall lead to the disqualification of the Bidder. If the Bidder is a Consortium, then the entire Consortium and each Member may be disqualified / rejected. If such disqualification / rejection occurs after the Bids have been opened and the Highest Bidder gets disqualified / rejected, then the Authority reserves the right to:
(i) invite the remaining Bidders to submit their Bids in accordance with Clauses 3.3.3 and 3.3.4; or 
(ii)	take any such measure as may be deemed fit in the sole discretion of the Authority, including annulment of the Bidding Process.
2.6.3	In case it is found during the evaluation or at any time before signing of the Concession Agreement or after its execution and during the period of subsistence thereof, including the Concession thereby granted by the Authority, that one or more of the pre-qualification conditions have not been met by the Bidder, or the Bidder has made material misrepresentation or has given any materially incorrect or false information, the Bidder shall be disqualified forthwith if not yet appointed as the Concessionaire either by issue of the LOA or entering into of the Concession Agreement, and if the Selected Bidder has already been issued the LOA or has entered into the Concession Agreement, as the case may be, the same shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein or in this RFP, be liable to be terminated, by a communication in writing by the Authority to the Selected Bidder or the Concessionaire, as the case may be, without the Authority being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Selected Bidder or Concessionaire. In such an event, the Authority shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case may be, as Damages, without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to the Authority under the Bidding Documents and/ or the Concession Agreement, or otherwise. 
B.	DOCUMENTS
2.7	Contents of the RFP
2.7.1	This RFP comprises the Disclaimer set forth hereinabove, the contents as listed below, and will additionally include any Addenda issued in accordance with Clause 2.9.
		Invitation for Bids
Section 1. 	Introduction 
Section 2. 	Instructions to Bidders 
Section 3. 	Evaluation of Bids
Section 4. 	Fraud and Corrupt Practices
Section 5. 	Pre-Bid Conference
Section 6.	Miscellaneous 
Appendices
I. 	Letter comprising the Bid
II. 	Bank Guarantee for Bid Security
III. 	Power of Attorney for signing of Bid
IV. 	Power of Attorney for Lead Member of Consortium
V. 	Guidelines of the Department of Disinvestment
		VI.  List of Bid-Specific Clauses
2.7.2	The draft Concession Agreement [and the Feasibility Report] provided by the Authority as part of the Bidding Documents shall be deemed to be part of this RFP.
2.8	Clarifications
2.8.1	Bidders requiring any clarification on the RFP may notify the Authority in writing by speed post/ courier/ special messenger and by e-mail in accordance with Clause 1.2.10. They should send in their queries on or before the date mentioned in the Schedule of Bidding Process specified in Clause 1.3. The Authority shall endeavour to respond to the queries within the period specified therein, but no later than 15 (fifteen) days prior to the Bid Due Date. The responses will be sent by e-mail. The Authority will forward all the queries and its responses thereto, to all Bidders without identifying the source of queries.
2.8.2 The Authority shall endeavour to respond to the questions raised or clarifications sought by the Bidders. However, the Authority reserves the right not to respond to any question or provide any clarification, in its sole discretion, and nothing in this Clause shall be taken or read as compelling or requiring the Authority to respond to any question or to provide any clarification.
2.8.3	The Authority may also on its own motion, if deemed necessary, issue interpretations and clarifications to all Bidders. All clarifications and interpretations issued by the Authority shall be deemed to be part of the Bidding Documents. Verbal clarifications and information given by Authority or its employees or representatives shall not in any way or manner be binding on the Authority. 
2.9	Amendment of RFP 
2.9.1	At any time prior to the Bid Due Date, the Authority may, for any reason, whether at its own initiative or in response to clarifications requested by a Bidder, modify the RFP by the issuance of Addenda.
2.9.2 Any Addendum issued hereunder will be in writing and shall be sent to all the Bidders.
2.9.3 In order to afford the Bidders a reasonable time for taking an Addendum into account, or for any other reason, the Authority may, in its sole discretion, extend the Bid Due Date$.	
C.	PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF BIDS
2.10	Format and Signing of Bid
2.10.1	The Bidder shall provide all the information sought under this RFP. The Authority will evaluate only those Bids that are received in the required formats and complete in all respects.
2.10.2	The Bid and its copy shall be typed or written in indelible ink and signed by the authorised signatory of the Bidder who shall also initial each page, in blue ink. In case of printed and published documents, only the cover shall be initialled. All the alterations, omissions, additions or any other amendments made to the Bid shall be initialled by the person(s) signing the Bid. 
2.11	Sealing and Marking of Bids
2.11.1	The Bidder shall submit the Bid in the format specified at Appendix-I, and seal it in an envelope and mark the envelope as “BID”. 
2.11.2	The documents accompanying the Bid shall be placed in a separate envelope and marked as “Enclosures of the Bid”. The documents shall include:
(a)	Bid Security in the format at Appendix–II; 
(b)	Power of Attorney for signing of Bid in the format at Appendix–III; 
(c)	If applicable, the Power of Attorney for Lead Member of Consortium in the format at Appendix–IV; and 
(d)	A copy of the Concession Agreement with each page initialled by the person signing the Bid in pursuance of the Power of Attorney referred to in Clause (b) hereinabove.
2.11.3 A true copy of the documents accompanying the Bid, as specified in Clause 2.11.2 above, shall be bound together in hard cover and the pages shall be numbered serially. Each page thereof shall be initialled in blue ink by the authorised signatory of the Bidder. This copy of the documents shall be placed in a separate envelope and marked “Copy of Documents”. 
2.11.4 The three envelopes specified in Clauses 2.11.1, 2.11.2 and 2.11.3 shall be placed in an outer envelope, which shall be sealed. Each of the four envelopes shall clearly bear the following identification: 
“Bid for the ***** Project”
and shall clearly indicate the name and address of the Bidder. In addition, the Bid Due Date should be indicated on the right hand top corner of each of the envelopes.
2.11.5	Each of the envelopes shall be addressed to:
ATTN. OF: 
Mr. ****

DESIGNATION
******
ADDRESS:
*****

E-MAIL ADDRESS
*****

2.11.6	If the envelopes are not sealed and marked as instructed above, the Authority assumes no responsibility for the misplacement or premature opening of the contents of the Bid submitted and consequent losses, if any, suffered by the Bidder.
2.11.7	Bids submitted by fax, telex, telegram or e-mail shall not be entertained and shall be rejected.
2.12	Bid Due Date
2.12.1	Bids should be submitted before 1100 hours IST on the Bid Due Date at the address provided in Clause 2.11.5 in the manner and form as detailed in this RFP. A receipt thereof should be obtained from the person specified at Clause 2.11.5.
2.12.2	The Authority may, in its sole discretion, extend the Bid Due Date by issuing an Addendum in accordance with Clause 2.9 uniformly for all Bidders.
2.13	Late Bids
Bids received by the Authority after the specified time on the Bid Due Date shall not be eligible for consideration and shall be summarily rejected.
2.14	Contents of the Bid
2.14.1	The Bid shall be furnished in the format at Appendix–I and shall consist of a [Grant or Premium, as the case may be,] to be quoted by the Bidder. The Bidder shall specify (in Indian Rupees) the [Grant or Premium, as the case may be, required by him or offered by him, as the case may be,] to undertake the Project in accordance with this RFP and the provisions of the Concession Agreement.
2.14.2	Generally, the Project will be awarded to the Highest Bidder. 
2.14.3	The opening of Bids and acceptance thereof shall be substantially in accordance with this RFP. 
2.14.4	The proposed Concession Agreement shall be deemed to be part of the Bid.
2.15	Modifications/ Substitution/ Withdrawal of Bids
2.15.1	The Bidder may modify, substitute or withdraw its Bid after submission, provided that written notice of the modification, substitution or withdrawal is received by the Authority prior to the Bid Due Date. No Bid shall be modified, substituted or withdrawn by the Bidder on or after the Bid Due Date.
2.15.2	The modification, substitution or withdrawal notice shall be prepared, sealed, marked, and delivered in accordance with Clause 2.11, with the envelopes being additionally marked “MODIFICATION”, “SUBSTITUTION” or “WITHDRAWAL”, as appropriate.
2.15.3	Any alteration/ modification in the Bid or additional information supplied subsequent to the Bid Due Date, unless the same has been expressly sought for by the Authority, shall be disregarded.
2.16	Rejection of Bids
2.16.1	Notwithstanding anything contained in this RFP, the Authority reserves the right to reject any Bid and to annul the Bidding Process and reject all Bids at any time without any liability or any obligation for such acceptance, rejection or annulment, and without assigning any reasons therefor. In the event that the Authority rejects or annuls all the Bids, it may, in its discretion, invite all eligible Bidders to submit fresh Bids hereunder. 
2.16.2	The Authority reserves the right not to proceed with the Bidding Process at any time, without notice or liability, and to reject any Bid without assigning any reasons. 
2.17 Validity of Bids 
The Bids shall be valid for a period of not less than 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the Bid Due Date. The validity of Bids may be extended by mutual consent of the respective Bidders and the Authority.
2.18	Confidentiality
Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation and recommendation for the Bidders shall not be disclosed to any person who is not officially concerned with the process or is not a retained professional advisor advising the Authority in relation to, or matters arising out of, or concerning the Bidding Process. The Authority will treat all information, submitted as part of the Bid, in confidence and will require all those who have access to such material to treat the same in confidence. The Authority may not divulge any such information unless it is directed to do so by any statutory entity that has the power under law to require its disclosure or is to enforce or assert any right or privilege of the statutory entity and/ or the Authority or as may be required by law or in connection with any legal process.
2.19	Correspondence with the Bidder
	Save and except as provided in this RFP, the Authority shall not entertain any correspondence with any Bidder in relation to acceptance or rejection of any Bid.
D.	BID SECURITY
2.20	Bid Security
2.20.1 	The Bidder shall furnish as part of its Bid, a Bid Security referred to in Clauses 2.1.7 and 2.1.8 hereinabove in the form of a bank guarantee issued by a nationalised bank, or a Scheduled Bank in India having a net worth of at least Rs. 1,000 crore (Rs. one thousand crore), in favour of the Authority in the format at Appendix–II (the “Bank Guarantee”) and having a validity period of not less than 180 (one hundred eighty) days from the Bid Due Date, inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days, and may be extended as may be mutually agreed between the Authority and the Bidder from time to time. In case the Bank Guarantee is issued by a foreign bank outside India, confirmation of the same by any nationalised bank in India is required. For the avoidance of doubt, Scheduled Bank shall mean a bank as defined under Section 2(e) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
2.20.2 	Bid Security can also be in the form of a demand draft issued by a Scheduled Bank in India, drawn in favour of the Authority and payable at [Delhi] (the “Demand Draft”). The Authority shall not be liable to pay any interest on the Bid Security deposit so made and the same shall be interest free. 
2.20.3 	Any Bid not accompanied by the Bid Security shall be summarily rejected by the Authority as non-responsive. 
2.20.4 	Save and except as provided in Clauses 1.2.4 and 1.2.5 above, the Bid Security of unsuccessful Bidders will be returned by the Authority, without any interest, as promptly as possible on acceptance of the Bid of the Selected Bidder or when the Bidding process is cancelled by the Authority, and in any case within 60 (sixty) days from the Bid Due Date. Where Bid Security has been paid by demand draft, the refund thereof shall be in the form of an account payee demand draft in favour of the unsuccessful Bidder(s). Bidders may by specific instructions in writing to the Authority give the name and address of the person in whose favour the said demand draft shall be drawn by the Authority for refund, failing which it shall be drawn in the name of the Bidder and shall be mailed to the address given on the Bid.
2.20.5 	The Selected Bidder’s Bid Security will be returned, without any interest, upon the Concessionaire signing the Concession Agreement and furnishing the Performance Security in accordance with the provisions thereof. The Authority may, at the Selected Bidder’s option, adjust the amount of Bid Security in the amount of Performance Security to be provided by him in accordance with the provisions of the Concession Agreement.
2.20.6 	The Authority shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security as Damages inter alia in any of the events specified in Clause 2.20.7 herein below. The Bidder, by submitting its Bid pursuant to this RFP, shall be deemed to have acknowledged and confirmed that the Authority will suffer loss and damage on account of withdrawal of its Bid or for any other default by the Bidder during the period of Bid validity as specified in this RFP. No relaxation of any kind on Bid Security shall be given to any Bidder.
2.20.7 	The Bid Security shall be forfeited as Damages without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to the Authority under the Bidding Documents and/ or under the Concession Agreement, or otherwise, if
(a)	a Bidder submits a non-responsive Bid;
(b)	a Bidder engages in a corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice as specified in Clause 4 of this RFP;
(c)	a Bidder withdraws its Bid during the period of Bid validity as specified in this RFP and as extended by mutual consent of the respective Bidder(s) and the Authority;
(d)	the Selected Bidder fails within the specified time limit -
(i)	to sign and return the duplicate copy of LOA; or
(ii)	to sign the Concession Agreement; or
(iii)	to furnish the Performance Security within the period prescribed therefor in the Concession Agreement.
(e)	the Selected Bidder, having signed the Concession Agreement, commits any breach thereof prior to furnishing the Performance Security.
3. EVALUATION OF BIDS
3.1	Opening and Evaluation of Bids
3.1.1	The Authority shall open the Bids at 1130 hours on the Bid Due Date, at the place specified in Clause 2.11.5 and in the presence of the Bidders who choose to attend.
3.1.2	The Authority will subsequently examine and evaluate the Bids in accordance with the provisions set out in this Section 3.
3.1.3	To facilitate evaluation of Bids, the Authority may, at its sole discretion, seek clarifications in writing from any Bidder regarding its Bid.
3.2	Tests of responsiveness
3.2.1	Prior to evaluation of Bids, the Authority shall determine whether each Bid is responsive to the requirements of this RFP. A Bid shall be considered responsive if:
(a)	it is received as per the format at Appendix–I;
(b)	it is received by the Bid Due Date including any extension thereof pursuant to Clause 2.12.2;
(c)	it is signed, sealed, bound together in hard cover and marked as stipulated in Clauses 2.10 and 2.11;
(d)	it is accompanied by the Bid Security as specified in Clause 2.1.7;
(e)	it is accompanied by the Power(s) of Attorney as specified in Clauses 2.1.9 and 2.1.10, as the case may be;
(f)	it contains all the information (complete in all respects) as requested in this RFP and/or Bidding Documents (in formats same as those specified); 
(g)	it does not contain any condition or qualification; and
(h)	it is not non-responsive in terms hereof.
3.2.2 The Authority reserves the right to reject any Bid which is non-responsive and no request for alteration, modification, substitution or withdrawal shall be entertained by the Authority in respect of such Bid. Provided, however, that the Authority may, in its discretion, allow the Bidder to rectify any infirmities or omissions if the same do not constitute a material modification of the Bid.
3.3	Selection of Bidder
3.3.1	Subject to the provisions of Clause 2.16.1, the Bidder whose Bid is adjudged as responsive in terms of Clause 3.2.1 and who quotes the [highest Premium offered to the Authority, and in the event that no Bidder offers a Premium, then the Bidder quoting the lowest Grant to be paid by the Authority]9 shall ordinarily be declared as the selected Bidder (the “Selected Bidder”). In the event that the Authority rejects or annuls all the Bids, it may, in its discretion, invite all eligible Bidders to submit fresh Bids hereunder.
3.3.2	In the event that two or more Bidders quote the same amount of [Premium or Grant, as the case may be] (the “Tie Bidders”), the Authority shall identify the Selected Bidder by draw of lots, which shall be conducted, with prior notice, in the presence of the Tie Bidders who choose to attend. 
3.3.3	In the event that the Highest Bidder withdraws or is not selected for any reason in the first instance (the “first round of bidding”), the Authority may invite all the remaining Bidders to revalidate or extend their respective Bid Security, as necessary, and match the Bid of the aforesaid Highest Bidder (the “second round of bidding”). If in the second round of bidding, only one Bidder matches the Highest Bidder, it shall be the Selected Bidder. If two or more Bidders match the said Highest Bidder in the second round of bidding, then the Bidder whose Bid was higher as compared to other Bidder(s) in the first round of bidding shall be the Selected Bidder. For example, if the third and fifth highest Bidders in the first round of bidding offer to match the said Highest Bidder in the second round of bidding, the said third highest Bidder shall be the Selected Bidder.
3.3.4	In the event that no Bidder offers to match the Highest Bidder in the second round of bidding as specified in Clause 3.3.3, the Authority may, in its discretion, invite fresh Bids (the “third round of bidding”) from all Bidders except the Highest Bidder of the first round of bidding, or annul the Bidding Process, as the case may be. In case the Bidders are invited in the third round of bidding to revalidate or extend their Bid Security, as necessary, and offer fresh Bids, they shall be eligible for submission of fresh Bids provided, however, that in such third round of bidding only such Bids shall be eligible for consideration which are higher than the Bid of the second highest Bidder in the first round of bidding. 
3.3.5	After selection, a Letter of Award (the “LOA”) shall be issued, in duplicate, by the Authority to the Selected Bidder and the Selected Bidder shall, within 7 (seven) days of the receipt of the LOA, sign and return the duplicate copy of the LOA in acknowledgement thereof. In the event the duplicate copy of the LOA duly signed by the Selected Bidder is not received by the stipulated date, the Authority may, unless it consents to extension of time for submission thereof, appropriate the Bid Security of such Bidder as Damages on account of failure of the Selected Bidder to acknowledge the LOA, and the next eligible Bidder may be considered.
3.3.6	After acknowledgement of the LOA as aforesaid by the Selected Bidder, it shall cause the Concessionaire to execute the Concession Agreement within the period prescribed in Clause 1.3. The Selected Bidder shall not be entitled to seek any deviation, modification or amendment in the Concession Agreement.
3.4	Contacts during Bid Evaluation
Bids shall be deemed to be under consideration immediately after they are opened and until such time the Authority makes official intimation of award/ rejection to the Bidders. While the Bids are under consideration, Bidders and/ or their representatives or other interested parties are advised to refrain, save and except as required under the Bidding Documents, from contacting by any means, the Authority and/ or their employees/ representatives on matters related to the Bids under consideration.
3.5	Bid Parameter
3.5.1	The Bid shall comprise a Grant or a Premium, as the case may be, to be quoted by the Bidder in accordance with the provisions of the Concession Agreement. The Bidder who offers the highest Premium, and in case no Bidder offers a Premium, then the Bidder requiring the lowest Grant shall ordinarily be the Selected Bidder. The Grant/Premium comprising the Bid shall be offered in accordance with the provisions of Clause 3.5.2.
3.5.2	[(a) The Bid  may comprise the Grant required by the Bidder. A Bidder seeking Grant shall, nevertheless be required to pay a Premium equal to 1% (one per cent) of the Total Realisable Fee commencing from the 15th (fifteenth) anniversary of COD, which shall be increased for each subsequent year by an additional 1% (one per cent) of the Total Realisable Fee, in accordance with the provisions of Clause *** of the draft Concession Agreement. 
OR
	(b) The Bid for the project shall comprise a Premium at the rate of 1% (one per cent) of the Total Realisable Fee commencing from COD or from a later date to be specified by the Bidder, but such date shall in no case be later than the 15th (fifteenth) anniversary of COD. 
OR
	(c) The Bid shall comprise a Premium to be paid in terms of a percentage of the Total Realisable Fee, which shall commence from COD, but shall be subject to the maximum permissible Premium specified in the Concession Agreement. 
OR
	(d) The Bid shall comprise, in addition to the maximum permissible Premium, an upfront Concession Fee to be specified by the Bidder.]
4. Fraud and corrupt practices

4.1	The Bidders and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers shall observe the highest standard of ethics during the Bidding Process and subsequent to the issue of the LOA and during the subsistence of the Concession Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, or in the LOA or the Concession Agreement, the Authority may reject a Bid, withdraw the LOA, or terminate the Concession Agreement, as the case may be, without being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, if it determines that the Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, has, directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged in corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice in the Bidding Process. In such an event, the Authority shall be entitled to forfeit and appropriate the Bid Security or Performance Security, as the case may be, as Damages, without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to the Authority under the Bidding Documents and/ or the Concession Agreement, or otherwise. 
4.2	Without prejudice to the rights of the Authority under Clause 4.1 hereinabove and the rights and remedies which the Authority may have under the LOA or the Concession Agreement, or otherwise if a Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, is found by the Authority to have directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged or indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice during the Bidding Process, or after the issue of the LOA or the execution of the Concession Agreement, such Bidder or Concessionaire shall not be eligible to participate in any tender or RFP issued by the Authority during a period of 2 (two) years from the date such Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, is found by the Authority to have directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged or indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practices, as the case may be.
4.3	For the purposes of this Clause 4, the following terms shall have the meaning hereinafter respectively assigned to them:
(a)	“corrupt practice” means (i) the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting, directly or indirectly, of anything of value to influence the actions of any person connected with the Bidding Process (for avoidance of doubt, offering of employment to or employing or engaging in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any official of the Authority who is or has been associated in any manner, directly or indirectly, with the Bidding Process or the LOA or has dealt with matters concerning the Concession Agreement or arising therefrom, before or after the execution thereof, at any time prior to the expiry of one year from the date such official resigns or retires from or otherwise ceases to be in the service of the Authority, shall be deemed to constitute influencing the actions of a person connected with the Bidding Process); or (ii) save and except as permitted under the Clause 2.1.15 of this RFP, engaging in any manner whatsoever, whether during the Bidding Process or after the issue of the LOA or after the execution of the Concession Agreement, as the case may be, any person in respect of any matter relating to the Project or the LOA or the Concession Agreement, who at any time has been or is a legal, financial or technical adviser of the Authority in relation to any matter concerning the Project;
(b)	“fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts or suppression of facts or disclosure of incomplete facts, in order to influence the Bidding Process; 
(c)	“coercive practice” means impairing or harming, or threatening to impair or harm, directly or indirectly, any person or property to influence any person’s participation or action in the Bidding Process; 
(d)	“undesirable practice” means (i) establishing contact with any person connected with or employed or engaged by the Authority with the objective of canvassing, lobbying or in any manner influencing or attempting to influence the Bidding Process; or (ii) having a Conflict of Interest; and
(e)	“restrictive practice” means forming a cartel or arriving at any understanding or arrangement among Bidders with the objective of restricting or manipulating a full and fair competition in the Bidding Process.
5. PRE-BID CONFERENCE
5.1	Pre-Bid Conference(s) of the Bidders shall be convened at the designated date, time and place. Only those persons who have purchased the RFP document shall be allowed to participate in the Pre-Bid Conference(s). A maximum of five representatives of each Bidder shall be allowed to participate on production of authority letter from the Bidder.
5.2	During the course of Pre-Bid Conference(s), the Bidders will be free to seek clarifications and make suggestions for consideration of the Authority. The Authority shall endeavour to provide clarifications and such further information as it may, in its sole discretion, consider appropriate for facilitating a fair, transparent and competitive Bidding Process.

6. MISCELLANEOUS

6.1	The Bidding Process shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of India and the Courts in the State in which the Authority has its headquarters shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes arising under, pursuant to and/ or in connection with the Bidding Process. 
6.2	The Authority, in its sole discretion and without incurring any obligation or liability, reserves the right, at any time, to; 
(a)	suspend and/ or cancel the Bidding Process and/ or amend and/ or supplement the Bidding Process or modify the dates or other terms and conditions relating thereto; 
(b)	consult with any Bidder in order to receive clarification or further information;
(c)	retain any information and/ or evidence submitted to the Authority by, on behalf of, and/ or in relation to any Bidder; and/ or
(d)	independently verify, disqualify, reject and/ or accept any and all submissions or other information and/ or evidence submitted by or on behalf of any Bidder.
6.3	It shall be deemed that by submitting the Bid, the Bidder agrees and releases the Authority, its employees, agents and advisers, irrevocably, unconditionally, fully and finally from any and all liability for claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities in any way related to or arising from the exercise of any rights and/ or performance of any obligations hereunder, pursuant hereto and/ or in connection with the Bidding Process and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, any and all rights and/ or claims it may have in this respect, whether actual or contingent, whether present or in future. 
6.4	The Bidding Documents and RFQ are to be taken as mutually explanatory and, unless otherwise expressly provided elsewhere in this RFP, in the event of any conflict between them the priority shall be in the following order:
(a)	the Bidding Documents;
(b)	the RFQ.
	i.e. the Bidding Documents at (a) above shall prevail over the RFQ at (b) above. 










Appendices

APPENDIX–I
Letter comprising the Bid
(Refer Clauses 2.1.5 and 2.14)
Dated: 
To,	
…………………….
…………………….
…………………….
Sub: Bid for the ……………………… Project
Dear Sir,
With reference to your RFP document dated ………….., I/we, having examined the Bidding Documents and understood their contents, hereby submit my/our Bid for the aforesaid Project. The Bid is unconditional and unqualified. 
2.	I/ We acknowledge that the Authority will be relying on the information provided in the Bid and the documents accompanying the Bid for selection of the Concessionaire for the aforesaid Project, and we certify that all information provided therein is true and correct; nothing has been omitted which renders such information misleading; and all documents accompanying the Bid are true copies of their respective originals. 
3.	This statement is made for the express purpose of our selection as Concessionaire for the [development, construction, operation and maintenance] of the aforesaid Project.
4.	I/ We shall make available to the Authority any additional information it may find necessary or require to supplement or authenticate the Bid. 
5.	I/ We acknowledge the right of the Authority to reject our Bid without assigning any reason or otherwise and hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, our right to challenge the same on any account whatsoever.
6.	I/ We certify that in the last three years, we/ any of the Consortium Members£ or our/ their Associates have neither failed to perform on any contract, as evidenced by imposition of a penalty by an arbitral or judicial authority or a judicial 

Appendix - I
Page 2
pronouncement or arbitration award, nor been expelled from any project or contract by any public authority nor have had any contract terminated by any public authority for breach on our part.
7.	I/ We declare that: 
(a)	I/ We have examined and have no reservations to the Bidding Documents, including any Addendum issued by the Authority; and
(b) 	I/ We do not have any conflict of interest in accordance with Clauses 2.1.14 and 2.1.15 of the RFP document; and
(c)	I/ We have not directly or indirectly or through an agent engaged or indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice, as defined in Clause 4.3 of the RFP document, in respect of any tender or request for proposals issued by or any agreement entered into with the Authority or any other public sector enterprise or any government, Central or State; and
(d) 	I/ We hereby certify that we have taken steps to ensure that in conformity with the provisions of Section 4 of the RFP, no person acting for us or on our behalf has engaged or will engage in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice; and
(e)	the undertakings given by us along with the Application in response to the RFQ for the Project were true and correct as on the date of making the Application and are also true and correct as on the Bid Due Date and I/we shall continue to abide by them. 
8.	I/ We understand that you may cancel the Bidding Process at any time and that you are neither bound to accept any Bid that you may receive nor to invite the Bidders to Bid for the Project, without incurring any liability to the Bidders, in accordance with Clause 2.16 of the RFP document.
9.	I/ We believe that we/ our Consortium satisfy(s) the Net Worth criteria and meet(s) the requirements as specified in the RFQ document. 
10.	I/ We declare that we/ any Member of the Consortium, or our/ its Associates are not a Member of a/ any other Consortium submitting a Bid for the Project. 
11.	I/ We certify that in regard to matters other than security and integrity of the country, we/ any Member of the Consortium or any of our/ their Associates have not been convicted by a Court of Law or indicted or adverse orders passed by a regulatory authority which could cast a doubt on our ability to undertake the 
Appendix - I
Page 3
	Project or which relates to a grave offence that outrages the moral sense of the community.
12.	I/ We further certify that in regard to matters relating to security and integrity of the country, we/ any Member of the Consortium or any of our/ their Associates have not been charge-sheeted by any agency of the Government or convicted by a Court of Law. 
13.	I/ We further certify that no investigation by a regulatory authority is pending either against us or against our Associates or against our CEO or any of our directors/ managers/ employees.£
14.	I/ We further certify that we are not disqualified in terms of the additional criteria specified by the Department of Disinvestment in their OM No. 6/4/2001-DD-II dated July 13, 2001, a copy of which forms part of the RFP at Appendix-V thereof.
15.	I/ We undertake that in case due to any change in facts or circumstances during the Bidding Process, we are attracted by the provisions of disqualification in terms of the guidelines referred to above, we shall intimate the Authority of the same immediately.
16.	I/ We acknowledge and undertake that our Consortium was pre-qualified and short-listed on the basis of Technical Capacity and Financial Capacity of those of its Members who shall, for a period of 2 (two) years from the date of commercial operation of the Project, hold equity share capital not less than: (i) 26% (twenty six per cent) of the subscribed and paid-up equity of the Concessionaire; and (ii) 5% (five per cent) of the Total Project Cost specified in the Concession Agreement. We further agree and acknowledge that the aforesaid obligation shall be in addition to the obligations contained in the Concession Agreement in respect of Change in Ownership. 
17.	I/ We acknowledge and agree that in the event of a change in control of an Associate whose Technical Capacity and/ or Financial Capacity was taken into consideration for the purposes of short-listing and pre-qualification under and in accordance with the RFQ, I/We shall inform the Authority forthwith along with all relevant particulars and the Authority may, in its sole discretion, disqualify our Consortium or withdraw the Letter of Award, as the case may be. I/We further 
Appendix - I
Page 4
	acknowledge and agree that in the event such change in control occurs after signing of the Concession Agreement but prior to Financial Close of the Project, it would, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Agreement, be deemed a breach thereof, and the Concession Agreement shall be liable to be terminated without the Authority being liable to us in any manner whatsoever.
18.	I/ We understand that the Selected Bidder shall either be an existing Company incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 1956/ 2013, or shall incorporate as such prior to execution of the Concession Agreement.
19. 	I/ We hereby irrevocably waive any right or remedy which we may have at any stage at law or howsoever otherwise arising to challenge or question any decision taken by the Authority in connection with the selection of the Bidder, or in connection with the Bidding Process itself, in respect of the above mentioned Project and the terms and implementation thereof.
20.	In the event of my/ our being declared as the Selected Bidder, I/we agree to enter into a Concession Agreement in accordance with the draft that has been provided to me/us prior to the Bid Due Date. We agree not to seek any changes in the aforesaid draft and agree to abide by the same.
21.	I/ We have studied all the Bidding Documents carefully and also surveyed the [project highway and the traffic]. We understand that except to the extent as expressly set forth in the Concession Agreement, we shall have no claim, right or title arising out of any documents or information provided to us by the Authority or in respect of any matter arising out of or relating to the Bidding Process including the award of Concession. 	
22.	I/ We offer a Bid Security of Rs……………………. (Rupees …………………………………… only) to the Authority in accordance with the RFP Document. 
23.	The Bid Security in the form of a Demand Draft/ Bank Guarantee (strike out whichever is not applicable) is attached. 
24.	The documents accompanying the Bid, as specified in Clause 2.11.2 of the RFP, have been submitted in a separate envelope and marked as “Enclosures of the Bid”.
25.	I/ We agree and understand that the Bid is subject to the provisions of the Bidding Documents. In no case, I/we shall have any claim or right of whatsoever nature if the Project / Concession is not awarded to me/us or our Bid is not opened or rejected.

Appendix - I
Page 5
26.	The [Premium / Grant] has been quoted by me/us after taking into consideration all the terms and conditions stated in the RFP, draft Concession Agreement, our own estimates of costs [and traffic] and after a careful assessment of the site and all the conditions that may affect the project cost and implementation of the Project.
27.	I/ We agree and undertake to abide by all the terms and conditions of the RFP document. 
28.	{We, the Consortium Members agree and undertake to be jointly and severally liable for all the obligations of the Concessionaire under the Concession Agreement till occurrence of Financial Close in accordance with the Concession Agreement.} 
29.	I/ We shall keep this offer valid for 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the Bid Due Date specified in the RFP. 
30.	I/ We hereby submit the following Bid for undertaking the aforesaid Project in accordance with the Bidding Documents and the Concession Agreement:$
	[(a) 	I/We require a Grant of Rs………… (Rupees…………………).
					OR
(b) 	I/We offer a Premium at the rate of 1% (one percent) of the Total Realisable Fee commencing from COD/after expiry of a period of…….. (………...) days from COD.
				OR
(c) 	We offer a Premium of …. % (…….…….. per cent) of the Total Realisable Fee which shall commence from COD, but shall be subject to the maximum permissible Premium specified in the draft Concession Agreement.
				OR
(d) 	We offer the maximum permissible Premium on Total Realisable Fee, as specified in the draft Concession Agreement, and in addition offer an upfront Concession Fee of Rs…….. (Rupees…………………..)]

In witness thereof, I/we submit this Bid under and in accordance with the terms of the RFP document.

Yours faithfully,

Date:                                   (Signature, name and designation of the Authorised signatory) 

Place: 			                                            Name and seal of Bidder/Lead Member
 


APPENDIX–II
Bank Guarantee for Bid Security 
(Refer Clauses 2.1.7 and 2.20.1)

B.G. No. Dated: 
1.	In consideration of you, ………………………..……, having its office at ………………, (hereinafter referred to as the “Authority”, which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof include its, successors and assigns) having agreed to receive the Bid of …………………… (a company registered under the Companies Act, 1956/ 2013) and having its registered office at ……………………… (and acting on behalf of its Consortium) (hereinafter referred to as the “Bidder” which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof include its/their executors, administrators, successors and assigns), for the ………………………….. Project on [DBFOT] basis (hereinafter referred to as “the Project”) pursuant to the RFP Document dated …………… issued in respect of the Project and other related documents including without limitation the draft concession agreement (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Bidding Documents”), we (Name of the Bank) having our registered office at ……………………… and one of its branches at …………………….. (hereinafter referred to as the “Bank”), at the request of the Bidder, do hereby in terms of Clause 2.1.7 read with Clause 2.1.8 of the RFP Document, irrevocably, unconditionally and without reservation guarantee the due and faithful fulfilment and compliance of the terms and conditions of the Bidding Documents (including the RFP Document) by the said Bidder and unconditionally and irrevocably undertake to pay forthwith to the Authority an amount of Rs. …………. (Rupees ……………………….. only) (hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantee”) as our primary obligation without any demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest and without reference to the Bidder if the Bidder shall fail to fulfil or comply with all or any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents.
2.	Any such written demand made by the Authority stating that the Bidder is in default of the due and faithful fulfilment and compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Bank.
3. 	We, the Bank, do hereby unconditionally undertake to pay the amounts due and payable under this Guarantee without any demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest and without any reference to the Bidder or any other person and irrespective of whether the claim of the Authority is disputed by the Bidder or not, merely on the first demand from the Authority stating that the amount claimed is due to the Authority by reason of failure of the Bidder to fulfil and comply with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents including
Appendix - II
Page 2
	failure of the said Bidder to keep its Bid open during the Bid validity period as set forth in the said Bidding Documents for any reason whatsoever. Any such demand made on the Bank shall be conclusive as regards amount due and payable by the Bank under this Guarantee. However, our liability under this Guarantee shall be restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs. ………… (Rupees …………………………. only).
4. 	This Guarantee shall be irrevocable and remain in full force for a period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the Bid Due Date inclusive of a claim period of 60 (sixty) days or for such extended period as may be mutually agreed between the Authority and the Bidder, and agreed to by the Bank, and shall continue to be enforceable till all amounts under this Guarantee have been paid.
5. 	We, the Bank, further agree that the Authority shall be the sole judge to decide as to whether the Bidder is in default of due and faithful fulfilment and compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents including, inter alia, the failure of the Bidder to keep its Bid open during the Bid validity period set forth in the said Bidding Documents, and the decision of the Authority that the Bidder is in default as aforesaid shall be final and binding on us, notwithstanding any differences between the Authority and the Bidder or any dispute pending before any Court, Tribunal, Arbitrator or any other authority.
6. 	The Guarantee shall not be affected by any change in the constitution or winding up of the Bidder or the Bank or any absorption, merger or amalgamation of the Bidder or the Bank with any other person.
7.	In order to give full effect to this Guarantee, the Authority shall be entitled to treat the Bank as the principal debtor. The Authority shall have the fullest liberty without affecting in any way the liability of the Bank under this Guarantee from time to time to vary any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents or to extend time for submission of the Bids or the Bid validity period or the period for conveying acceptance of Letter of Award by the Bidder or the period for fulfilment and compliance with all or any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents by the said Bidder or to postpone for any time and from time to time any of the powers exercisable by it against the said Bidder and either to enforce or forbear from enforcing any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents or the securities available to the Authority, and the Bank shall not be released from its liability under these presents by any exercise by the Authority of the liberty with reference to the matters aforesaid or by reason of time being given to the said Bidder or any other forbearance, act or omission on the part of the Authority or any indulgence by the Authority to the said Bidder or by any change in the constitution of the Authority or its absorption, merger or amalgamation with any other person or any other matter or thing whatsoever which under the law relating to sureties would but
Appendix - II
Page 3
	for this provision have the effect of releasing the Bank from its such liability.
8. 	Any notice by way of request, demand or otherwise hereunder shall be sufficiently given or made if addressed to the Bank and sent by courier or by registered mail to the Bank at the address set forth herein. 
9. 	We undertake to make the payment on receipt of your notice of claim on us addressed to [name of Bank along with branch address] and delivered at our above branch which shall be deemed to have been duly authorised to receive the said notice of claim. 
10. 	It shall not be necessary for the Authority to proceed against the said Bidder before proceeding against the Bank and the guarantee herein contained shall be enforceable against the Bank, notwithstanding any other security which the Authority may have obtained from the said Bidder or any other person and which shall, at the time when proceedings are taken against the Bank hereunder, be outstanding or unrealised.
11. 	We, the Bank, further undertake not to revoke this Guarantee during its currency except with the previous express consent of the Authority in writing. 
12. 	The Bank declares that it has power to issue this Guarantee and discharge the obligations contemplated herein, the undersigned is duly authorised and has full power to execute this Guarantee for and on behalf of the Bank.
13.	For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank’s liability under this Guarantee shall be restricted to Rs. ……… crore (Rupees ……………….......... crore only). The Bank shall be liable to pay the said amount or any part thereof only if the Authority serves a written claim on the Bank in accordance with paragraph 9 hereof, on or before [……. (indicate date falling 180 days after the Bid Due Date)].
Signed and Delivered by ………………………. Bank 
By the hand of Mr./Ms …………………….., its ………………….. and authorised official.

(Signature of the Authorised Signatory)
(Official Seal)
	Appendix–III	
Power of Attorney for signing of Bid$
(Refer Clause 2.1.9)

Know all men by these presents, We, …………………………… (name of the firm and address of the registered office) do hereby irrevocably constitute, nominate, appoint and authorise Mr. / Ms (Name), son/daughter/wife of ……………………………… and presently residing at ………………………………….., who is presently employed with us/ the Lead Member of our Consortium and holding the position of ………………………….., as our true and lawful attorney (hereinafter referred to as the “Attorney”) to do in our name and on our behalf, all such acts, deeds and things as are necessary or required in connection with or incidental to submission of our bid for the ……………………………… Project proposed or being developed by the ………………………………… (the “Authority”) including but not limited to signing and submission of all applications, bids and other documents and writings, participate in bidders' and other conferences and providing information / responses to the Authority, representing us in all matters before the Authority, signing and execution of all contracts including the Concession Agreement and undertakings consequent to acceptance of our bid, and generally dealing with the Authority in all matters in connection with or relating to or arising out of our bid for the said Project and/or upon award thereof to us and/or till the entering into of the Concession Agreement with the Authority. 
AND we hereby agree to ratify and confirm and do hereby ratify and confirm all acts, deeds and things done or caused to be done by our said Attorney pursuant to and in exercise of the powers conferred by this Power of Attorney and that all acts, deeds and things done by our said Attorney in exercise of the powers hereby conferred shall and shall always be deemed to have been done by us.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF WE, ………………………….., THE ABOVE NAMED PRINCIPAL HAVE EXECUTED THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY ON THIS ……………………… DAY OF …………………….., 20.…..

 For…………………………….. 

(Signature, name, designation and address)
Witnesses:
Appendix - III
Page 2

1.
2.

Accepted									 Notarised



(Signature, name, designation and address
 of the Attorney)

Notes: 
The mode of execution of the Power of Attorney should be in accordance with the procedure, if any, laid down by the applicable law and the charter documents of the executant(s) and when it is so required, the same should be under common seal affixed in accordance with the required procedure. 
Wherever required, the Bidder should submit for verification the extract of the charter documents and documents such as a board or shareholders resolution/ power of attorney in favour of the person executing this Power of Attorney for the delegation of power hereunder on behalf of the Bidder.
For a Power of Attorney executed and issued overseas, the document will also have to be legalised by the Indian Embassy and notarised in the jurisdiction where the Power of Attorney is being issued. However, the Power of Attorney provided by Bidders from countries that have signed the Hague Legislation Convention 1961 are not required to be legalised by the Indian Embassy if it carries a conforming Appostille certificate.
appendix–IV$
Power of Attorney for Lead Member of Consortium
(Refer Clause 2.1.10)
Whereas the ………………………. (the “Authority”) has invited bids from pre-qualified and short-listed parties for the …………………………....... Project (the “Project”).
Whereas, ………………….., ……………………….. and ………………………. (collectively the “Consortium”) being Members of the Consortium are interested in bidding for the Project in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Request for Proposals and other connected documents in respect of the Project, and
Whereas, it is necessary for the Members of the Consortium to designate one of them as the Lead Member with all necessary power and authority to do for and on behalf of the Consortium, all acts, deeds and things as may be necessary in connection with the Consortium’s bid for the Project and its execution. 
NOW THEREFORE KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS 
We, ……………… having our registered office at …………………, M/s. ……………………, having our registered office at …………………, and M/s. …………………, having our registered office at ………………, (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Principals”) do hereby irrevocably designate, nominate, constitute, appoint and authorise M/s …………………, having its registered office at ………………………, being one of the Members of the Consortium, as the Lead Member and true and lawful attorney of the Consortium (hereinafter referred to as the “Attorney”) and hereby irrevocably authorise the Attorney (with power to sub-delegate) to conduct all business for and on behalf of the Consortium and any one of us during the bidding pro­cess and, in the event the Consortium is awarded the Concession/ Contract, during the execution of the Project, and in this regard, to do on our behalf and on behalf of the Consortium, all or any of such acts, deeds or things as are necessary or required or incidental to the submission of its bid for the Project, including but not limited to signing and submission of all applications, bids and other documents and writings, accept the Letter of Award, participate in bidders’ and other conferences, respond to queries, submit information/ documents, sign and execute contracts and undertakings consequent to acceptance of the bid of the Consortium and generally to represent the Consortium in all its dealings with the Authority, and/ or any other Government Agency or any person, in all matters in connection with or relating to or arising out of the Consortium’s bid for the Project and/ or upon award thereof till the Concession Agreement is entered into with the Authority.
AND hereby agree to ratify and confirm and do hereby ratify and confirm all acts, deeds and things done or caused to be done by our said Attorney pursuant to and in exercise of the powers conferred by this Power of Attorney and that all acts, deeds and things done 
Appendix - IV
Page 2
by our said Attorney in exercise of the powers hereby conferred shall and shall always be deemed to have been done by us/ Consortium.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF WE THE PRINCIPALS ABOVE NAMED HAVE EXECUTED THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY ON THIS ……………… DAY OF ………….., 20.…

For ……………………...
(Signature, Name & Title)

For …………...................
(Signature, Name & Title)

For ………………………
(Signature, Name & Title)

(Executants) 
(To be executed by all the Members of the Consortium)
Witnesses:
1.
2.

Notes:
The mode of execution of the Power of Attorney should be in accordance with the procedure, if any, laid down by the applicable law and the charter documents of the executant(s) and when it is so required, the same should be under common seal affixed in accordance with the required procedure. 

Appendix - IV
Page 3
Wherever required, the Bidder should submit for verification the extract of the charter documents and documents such as a board or shareholders resolution/ power of attorney in favour of the person executing this Power of Attorney for the delegation of power hereunder on behalf of the Bidder.
For a Power of Attorney executed and issued overseas, the document will also have to be legalised by the Indian Embassy and notarised in the jurisdiction where the Power of Attorney is being issued. However, the Power of Attorney provided by Bidders from countries that have signed the Hague Legislation Convention 1961 are not required to be legalised by the Indian Embassy if it carries a conforming Appostille certificate.
APPENDIX–V10
Guidelines of the Department of Disinvestment 
(Refer Clause1.2.1)
No. 6/4/2001-DD-II
Government of India
Department of Disinvestment
Block 14, CGO Complex
New Delhi.
Dated 13th July 2001.

OFFICE MEMORANDUM
Sub: Guidelines for qualification of Bidders seeking to acquire stakes in Public Sector Enterprises through the process of disinvestment
Government has examined the issue of framing comprehensive and transparent guidelines defining the criteria for bidders interested in PSE-disinvestment so that the parties selected through competitive bidding could inspire public confidence. Earlier, criteria like net worth, experience etc. used to be prescribed. Based on experience and in consultation with concerned departments, Government has decided to prescribe the following additional criteria for the qualification/ disqualification of the parties seeking to acquire stakes in public sector enterprises through disinvestment:
(a) In regard to matters other than the security and integrity of the country, any conviction by a Court of Law or indictment/ adverse order by a regulatory authority that casts a doubt on the ability of the bidder to manage the public sector unit when it is disinvested, or which relates to a grave offence would constitute disqualification. Grave offence is defined to be of such a nature that it outrages the moral sense of the community. The decision in regard to the nature of the offence would be taken on case to case basis after considering the facts of the case and relevant legal principles, by the Government of India.
(b) In regard to matters relating to the security and integrity of the country, any charge-sheet by an agency of the Government/ conviction by a Court of Law for an offence committed by the bidding party or by any sister concern of the bidding party would result in disqualification. The decision in regard to the relationship between the sister concerns would be taken, based on the relevant facts and after examining whether the two concerns are substantially controlled by the same person/ persons.
(c) In both (a) and (b), disqualification shall continue for a period that Government deems appropriate.
Appendix V
Page 2
(d) Any entity, which is disqualified from participating in the disinvestment process, would not be allowed to remain associated with it or get associated merely because it has preferred an appeal against the order based on which it has been disqualified. The mere pendency of appeal will have no effect on the disqualification.
(e) The disqualification criteria would come into effect immediately and would apply to all bidders for various disinvestment transactions, which have not been completed as yet.
(f) Before disqualifying a concern, a Show Cause Notice why it should not be disqualified would be issued to it and it would be given an opportunity to explain its position. 
(g) Henceforth, these criteria will be prescribed in the advertisements seeking Expression of Interest (EOI) from the interested parties. The interested parties would be required to provide the information on the above criteria, along with their Expressions of Interest (EOI). The bidders shall be required to provide with their EOI an undertaking to the effect that no investigation by a regulatory authority is pending against them. In case any investigation is pending against the concern or its sister concern or against its CEO or any of its Directors/ Managers/ employees, full details of such investigation including the name of the investigating agency, the charge/ offence for which the investigation has been launched, name and designation of persons against whom the investigation has been launched and other relevant information should be disclosed, to the satisfaction of the Government. For other criteria also, a similar undertaking shall be obtained along with EOI.

sd/-
(A.K. Tewari)
Under Secretary to the Government of India

APPENDIX – VI
List of Bid-specific provisions$
A.	Clauses with currency-based footnotes
1. Introduction.
2. Clause 2.9.3: Amendment of RFP.

Note: The above footnotes marked “$” shall not be deleted. They shall remain in the RFP to be issued to the prospective Bidders.
B.	Appendices with non-numeric footnotes
All non-numeric footnotes in the Appendices shall be retained in the respective Appendices for guidance of the Bidders. These shall be omitted by the Bidders while submitting their respective Bids.
C. 	Appendices where curly brackets are used
1. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid: Paragraph 28.

Note: The curly brackets should be removed after the provisions contained therein are suitably addressed by the Bidders.
D.	Appendices with blank spaces 
All blank spaces in Appendices shall be retained in the RFP. These shall be filled up when the format of the respective Appendix is used.




APPENDIX-VII
List of Project-specific provisions11
A.	Clauses with serially numbered Footnotes (Fn)
1. Letter of Invitation (Fn. 1)*.
2. Clause 1.1: Background (Fn. 2).
3. Clause 1.1.1: Background (Fn. 3)*.
4. Clause 1.2.3: Brief description of Bidding Process (Fn. 4 and 5)*.
5. Clause 1.2.4: Brief description of Bidding Process (Fn. 6)*.
6. Clause 1.3: Schedule of Bidding Process (Fn. 7)*.
7. Clause 2.1.18: General terms of Bidding (Fn. 8)*.
8. Clause 3.3.1: Selection of Bidder (Fn. 9)*: Also address Paragraph 30 of Appendix-I.

*Note: The Clauses to which these Footnotes relate also include square parenthesis or asterisks which may be addressed simultaneously. Such square parenthesis or asterisks have not been listed in (B) or (C) below.
B.	Clauses with square parenthesis
1. Disclaimer.
2. Glossary: Definition of DBFOT.
3. Clauses 1.1.2 and 1.1.3: Background.
4. Clauses 1.2.6 and 1.2.8: Brief description of Bidding Process.
5. Clause 2.1.6: General terms of Bidding.
6. Clause 2.7.2: Contents of the RFP.
7. Clause 2.14.1: Contents of the Bid.
8. Clause 2.20.2: Bid Security.
9. Clause 3.3.2: Selection of Bidder.
10. Clause 3.5.2: Bid Parameter. 
C.	Clauses with asterisks
1. Glossary: Definition of Government.
2. Clause 1.2.6 and 1.2.10: Brief description of Bidding Process.
3. Clause 1.4: Pre-Bid Conference.
4. Clause 2.1.7: General terms of Bidding.
5. Clauses 2.11.4 and 2.11.5: Sealing and Marking of Bids.
6. Clause 3.5.2: Bid Parameter. 
D.	Appendices with serially numbered Footnotes (Fn)
1. Appendix-V: Guidelines of the Department of Disinvestment: (Fn. 10).
2. Appendix-VII: List of Project-specific Provisions: (Fn. 11).
E.	Appendices with square parenthesis
1. Appendix-I: Letter comprising the Bid: Paragraphs 3, 21, 26 and 30.
2. Appendix-II: Bank Guarantee for Bid Security: Paragraphs 1, 9 and 13. 


